Boggart 	 In the ordinary and bustling city of Moscow there is an unusual House overgrown with hundreds of secrets and mysteries. In this house there is a strange apartment in which not a single tenant has stayed for a long time. And only when an independent mother with a charming 8-year-old daughter Alina comes to this “nice” apartment new tenants will find out that their living space is not easy and the real Boggart lives in it. Only here the keeper of the hearth has long been offended by the entire human race and will do all imaginable nastiness just to be left alone in the ill-fated apartment. But everything changes when the evil witch challenges Homeovy ... 	 ['Comedy', 'Fantasy', 'Family']
Saw III 	 Jigsaw has disappeared. Along with his new apprentice Amanda the puppet-master behind the cruel intricate games that have terrified a community and baffled police has once again eluded capture and vanished. While city detective scramble to locate him Doctor Lynn Denlon and Jeff Reinhart are unaware that they are about to become the latest pawns on his vicious chessboard. 	 ['Horror', 'Thriller', 'Crime']
Look Away 	 A timid and reclusive 18-year-old high school student is alienated by her parents and ruthlessly rejected by her peers. Desperate and isolated she confides in her own reflection — and in the mirror she finds her imagined evil twin someone who supports her encourages her and knows all her secret desires. When the “girls” trade places repressed sexuality and a ferocious violence erupt with a dangerous sense of freedom. 	 ['Horror', 'Thriller']
Annihilation 	 A biologist signs up for a dangerous secret expedition into a mysterious zone where the laws of nature don't apply. 	 ['Science Fiction']
American Kamasutra 	 A young woman finds herself involved in a dangerous love triangle when she gets involved with the writer of a popular steamy novel. 	 ['Drama', 'Romance']
Wolf Warrior 3 	 The third movie about a Chinese special force soldier with extraordinary marksmanship. 	 ['Action', 'War']
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo 	 This English-language adaptation of the Swedish novel by Stieg Larsson follows a disgraced journalist Mikael Blomkvist as he investigates the disappearance of a weary patriarch's niece from 40 years ago. He is aided by the pierced tattooed punk computer hacker named Lisbeth Salander. As they work together in the investigation Blomkvist and Salander uncover immense corruption beyond anything they have ever imagined. 	 ['Thriller', 'Crime', 'Mystery', 'Drama']
RoboCop 2 	 After a successful deployment of the Robocop Law Enforcement unit OCP sees its goal of urban pacification come closer and closer but as this develops a new narcotic known as "Nuke" invades the streets led by God-delirious leader Cane. As this menace grows it may prove to be too much for Murphy to handle. OCP tries to replicate the success of the first unit but ends up with failed prototypes with suicidal issues... until Dr. Faxx a scientist straying away from OCP's path uses Cane as the new subject for the Robocop 2 project a living God. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Crime', 'Science Fiction', 'Thriller']
Batman: The Dark Knight Returns 	 Batman has stopped the reign of terror that The Mutants had cast upon his city.  Now an old foe wants a reunion and the government wants The Man of Steel to put a stop to Batman. 	 ['Action', 'Animation', 'Mystery']
Dirty God 	 Jade is a young mother in the prime of her life when an acid attack leaves her severely burned. While her face has been reconstructed her beauty is lost beneath the scars. Descending a self-destructive path with relationships crumbling Jade must take drastic action to reclaim her life. 	 ['Drama']
Boy Erased 	 Jared the son of a Baptist pastor in a small American town is outed to his parents at age 19. Jared is faced with an ultimatum: attend a gay conversion therapy program – or be permanently exiled and shunned by his family friends and faith. 	 ['Drama']
Sherlock Gnomes 	 Garden gnomes Gnomeo & Juliet recruit renown detective Sherlock Gnomes to investigate the mysterious disappearance of other garden ornaments. 	 ['Romance', 'Animation', 'Comedy', 'Family', 'Fantasy', 'Mystery', 'Adventure']
Léon: The Professional 	 Léon the top hit man in New York has earned a rep as an effective "cleaner". But when his next-door neighbors are wiped out by a loose-cannon DEA agent he becomes the unwilling custodian of 12-year-old Mathilda. Before long Mathilda's thoughts turn to revenge and she considers following in Léon's footsteps. 	 ['Thriller', 'Crime', 'Drama']
The Naked Gun: From the Files of Police Squad! 	 When the incompetent Officer Frank Drebin seeks the ruthless killer of his partner he stumbles upon an attempt to assassinate Queen Elizabeth. 	 ['Comedy', 'Crime']
Outlaw King 	 Forced into exile by the English after being crowned King of Scotland legendary warrior Robert the Bruce fights to reclaim the throne. 	 ['Drama', 'Action', 'History']
Alpha 	 In the prehistoric past Keda a young and inexperienced hunter struggles to return home after being separated from his tribe when bison hunting goes awry. On his way back he will find an unexpected ally. 	 ['Adventure', 'Drama']
The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 2 	 After the birth of Renesmee the Cullens gather other vampire clans in order to protect the child from a false allegation that puts the family in front of the Volturi. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Drama', 'Romance']
At Eternity's Gate 	 Famed but tormented artist Vincent van Gogh spends his final years in Arles France painting masterworks of the natural world that surrounds him. 	 ['Drama']
The Dark Knight 	 Batman raises the stakes in his war on crime. With the help of Lt. Jim Gordon and District Attorney Harvey Dent Batman sets out to dismantle the remaining criminal organizations that plague the streets. The partnership proves to be effective but they soon find themselves prey to a reign of chaos unleashed by a rising criminal mastermind known to the terrified citizens of Gotham as the Joker. 	 ['Drama', 'Action', 'Crime', 'Thriller']
Step Up All In 	 All-stars from the previous Step Up installments come together in glittering Las Vegas battling for a victory that could define their dreams and their careers. 	 ['Romance', 'Drama', 'Music']
The Revenant 	 In the 1820s a frontiersman Hugh Glass sets out on a path of vengeance against those who left him for dead after a bear mauling. 	 ['Western', 'Drama', 'Adventure']
3-D Sex and Zen: Extreme Ecstasy 	 Loosely based on a 17th century erotic Chinese story named The Carnal Prayer Mat the story follows a young scholar named Yangsheng who gets married to the beautiful daughter of a local merchant. When their sex life proves unsatisfactory Yangsheng leaves home and journeys to the Pavilion of Ultimate Bliss. 	 ['Drama']
Apollo 13 	 The true story of technical troubles that scuttle the Apollo 13 lunar mission in 1971 risking the lives of astronaut Jim Lovell and his crew with the failed journey turning into a thrilling saga of heroism. Drifting more than 200000 miles from Earth the astronauts work furiously with the ground crew to avert tragedy. 	 ['Drama', 'History']
22 Jump Street 	 After making their way through high school (twice) big changes are in store for officers Schmidt and Jenko when they go deep undercover at a local college. But when Jenko meets a kindred spirit on the football team and Schmidt infiltrates the bohemian art major scene they begin to question their partnership. Now they don't have to just crack the case - they have to figure out if they can have a mature relationship. If these two overgrown adolescents can grow from freshmen into real men college might be the best thing that ever happened to them. 	 ['Crime', 'Comedy', 'Action']
Minority Report 	 John Anderton is a top 'Precrime' cop in the late-21st century when technology can predict crimes before they're committed. But Anderton becomes the quarry when another investigator targets him for a murder charge. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Science Fiction', 'Mystery']
Inferno 	 After waking up in a hospital with amnesia professor Robert Langdon and a doctor must race against time to foil a deadly global plot. 	 ['Mystery', 'Thriller', 'Drama']
The Kid Who Would Be King 	 Old-school magic meets the modern world when young Alex stumbles upon the mythical sword Excalibur. He soon unites his friends and enemies and they become knights who join forces with the legendary wizard Merlin. Together they must save mankind from the wicked enchantress Morgana and her army of supernatural warriors. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Family']
Run All Night 	 Brooklyn mobster and prolific hit man Jimmy Conlon has seen better days. Longtime best friend of a mob boss Jimmy is haunted by the sins of his past—as well as a dogged police detective who’s been one step behind Jimmy for 30 years. But when Jimmy’s estranged son becomes a target Jimmy must make a choice between the crime family he chose and the real family he abandoned long ago. Now with nowhere safe to turn Jimmy has just one night to figure out exactly where his loyalties lie and to see if he can finally make things right. 	 ['Action', 'Crime', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
Ran 	 With Ran legendary director Akira Kurosawa reimagines Shakespeare's King Lear as a singular historical epic set in sixteenth-century Japan. Majestic in scope the film is Kurosawa's late-life masterpiece a profound examination of the folly of war and the crumbling of one family under the weight of betrayal greed and the insatiable thirst for power. 	 ['Action', 'Drama', 'History']
Speed Kills 	 Speedboat racing champion and multimillionaire Ben Aronoff (Don Aronow) leads a double life that lands him in trouble with the law and drug lords. 	 ['Crime', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
The 40 Year Old Virgin 	 Andy Stitzer has a pleasant life with a nice apartment and a job stamping invoices at an electronics store. But at age 40 there's one thing Andy hasn't done and it's really bothering his sex-obsessed male co-workers: Andy is still a virgin. Determined to help Andy get laid the guys make it their mission to de-virginize him. But it all seems hopeless until Andy meets small business owner Trish a single mom. 	 ['Comedy', 'Romance']
Thor: The Dark World 	 Thor fights to restore order across the cosmos… but an ancient race led by the vengeful Malekith returns to plunge the universe back into darkness. Faced with an enemy that even Odin and Asgard cannot withstand Thor must embark on his most perilous and personal journey yet one that will reunite him with Jane Foster and force him to sacrifice everything to save us all. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy']
Cold War 	 They say Hong Kong is the safest city in Asia. But tonight a police van has been hijacked along with the arms equipment and the five officers aboard one of the hostages being the only son of police deputy commissioner M.B. Lee! With the chief commissioner away on a conference overseas the fiery Lee immediately takes command of the rescue operation – codenamed "Cold War" – but the mysterious kidnappers clearly know the police procedures and are therefore in an advantageous position. Objecting to Lee's aggressive but futile methods the other deputy commissioner Sean Lau  steps in at this time of crisis to lead the operation. But even Lau's careful plan to negotiate with the kidnappers ends up a failure losing the $50 million cash ransom and the life of his lieutenant in the process. Meanwhile the ICAC (Independent Commission Against Corruption) begins to investigate Lau and Lee on suspicion of having hidden ties to the kidnappers... 	 ['Thriller', 'Action']
The Curse of La Llorona 	 A social worker dealing with the disappearance of two children fears for her own family after beginning the investigation. 	 ['Thriller', 'Horror', 'Mystery']
Unforgiven 	 William Munny is a retired once-ruthless killer turned gentle widower and hog farmer. To help support his two motherless children he accepts one last bounty-hunter mission to find the men who brutalized a prostitute. Joined by his former partner and a cocky greenhorn he takes on a corrupt sheriff. 	 ['Western']
Goosebumps 	 After moving to a small town Zach Cooper finds a silver lining when he meets next door neighbor Hannah the daughter of bestselling Goosebumps series author R.L. Stine. When Zach unintentionally unleashes real monsters from their manuscripts and they begin to terrorize the town it’s suddenly up to Stine Zach and Hannah to get all of them back in the books where they belong. 	 ['Adventure', 'Horror', 'Comedy']
The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 	 Katniss Everdeen reluctantly becomes the symbol of a mass rebellion against the autocratic Capitol. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Adventure', 'Thriller']
John Carter 	 John Carter is a war-weary former military captain who's inexplicably transported to the mysterious and exotic planet of Barsoom (Mars) and reluctantly becomes embroiled in an epic conflict. It's a world on the brink of collapse and Carter rediscovers his humanity when he realizes the survival of Barsoom and its people rests in his hands. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction']
The Perks of Being a Wallflower 	 15-year-old freshman Charlie is a wallflower always watching life from the sidelines until two charismatic senior students become his mentors. Free-spirited Sam and her stepbrother Patrick help Charlie discover the joys of friendship first love music and more while a teacher sparks Charlie's dreams of becoming a writer. 	 ['Drama']
The Wizard of Oz 	 Young Dorothy finds herself in a magical world where she makes friends with a lion a scarecrow and a tin man as they make their way along the yellow brick road to talk with the Wizard and ask for the things they miss most in their lives. The Wicked Witch of the West is the only thing that could stop them. 	 ['Adventure', 'Family', 'Fantasy']
The Transporter 	 Former Special Forces officer Frank Martin will deliver anything to anyone for the right price and his no-questions-asked policy puts him in high demand. But when he realizes his latest cargo is alive it sets in motion a dangerous chain of events. The bound and gagged Lai is being smuggled to France by a shady American businessman and Frank works to save her as his own illegal activities are uncovered by a French detective. 	 ['Action', 'Crime', 'Thriller']
Fyre 	 He promised supermodels and yachts but delivered tents and cheese sandwiches. How one man engineered a music festival disaster. 	 ['Documentary', 'TV Movie']
Yes Man 	 Carl Allen has stumbled across a way to shake free of post-divorce blues and a dead-end job: embrace life and say yes to everything. 	 ['Comedy']
Gnomeo & Juliet 	 A version of Shakespeare's play set in the world of warring indoor and outdoor gnomes. Garden gnomes Gnomeo and Juliet have as many obstacles to overcome as their quasi namesakes when they are caught up in a feud between neighbors. But with plastic pink flamingos and lawnmower races in the mix can this young couple find lasting happiness? 	 ['Animation', 'Family']
American Hustle 	 A conman and his seductive partner are forced to work for a wild FBI agent who pushes them into a world of Jersey power-brokers and the Mafia. 	 ['Drama', 'Crime']
The Iron Giant 	 In the small town of Rockwell Maine in October 1957 a giant metal machine befriends a nine-year-old boy and ultimately finds its humanity by unselfishly saving people from their own fears and prejudices. 	 ['Adventure', 'Animation', 'Family', 'Science Fiction', 'Comedy']
Lord of War 	 Yuri Orlov is a globetrotting arms dealer and through some of the deadliest war zones he struggles to stay one step ahead of a relentless Interpol agent his business rivals and even some of his customers who include many of the world’s most notorious dictators. Finally he must also face his own conscience. 	 ['Crime', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
Changeling 	 Christine Collins is overjoyed when her kidnapped son is brought back home. But when Christine suspects that the boy returned to her isn't her child the police captain has her committed to an asylum. 	 ['Crime', 'Drama', 'Mystery']
The Ash Lad: In the Hall of the Mountain King 	 Espen “Ash Lad” a poor farmer’s son embarks on a dangerous quest with his brothers to save the princess from a vile troll known as the Mountain King – in order to collect a reward and save his family’s farm from ruin. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy']
Outcast 	 A mysterious warrior teams up with the daughter and son of a deposed Chinese Emperor to defeat their cruel Uncle who seeks their deaths. 	 ['Action']
Batman 	 The Dark Knight of Gotham City begins his war on crime with his first major enemy being the clownishly homicidal Joker who has seized control of Gotham's underworld. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Action']
Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian 	 Hapless museum night watchman Larry Daley must help his living breathing exhibit friends out of a pickle now that they've been transferred to the archives at the Smithsonian Institution. Larry's (mis)adventures this time include close encounters with Amelia Earhart Abe Lincoln and Ivan the Terrible. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Action', 'Comedy', 'Family']
A Nightmare on Elm Street 	 Teenagers in a small town are dropping like flies apparently in the grip of mass hysteria causing their suicides. A cop's daughter Nancy Thompson (Heather Langenkamp) traces the cause to child molester Fred Krueger (Robert Englund) who was burned alive by angry parents many years before. Krueger has now come back in the dreams of his killers' children claiming their lives as his revenge. Nancy and her boyfriend Glen (Johnny Depp) must devise a plan to lure the monster out of the realm of nightmares and into the real world... 	 ['Horror']
Captain Fantastic 	 A father living in the forests of the Pacific Northwest with his six young kids tries to assimilate back into society. 	 ['Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Drama']
The Goonies 	 A young teenager named Mikey Walsh finds an old treasure map in his father's attic. Hoping to save their homes from demolition Mikey and his friends Data Wang Chunk Cohen and Mouth Devereaux run off on a big quest to find the secret stash of Pirate One-Eyed Willie. 	 ['Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Family']
Jaws 	 An insatiable great white shark terrorizes the townspeople of Amity Island The police chief an oceanographer and a grizzled shark hunter seek to destroy the bloodthirsty beast. 	 ['Horror', 'Thriller', 'Adventure']
Ben-Hur 	 Judah Ben-Hur a Palestinian Jew is battling the Roman empire at the time of Christ. His actions send him and his family into slavery but an inspirational encounter with Jesus changes everything. He finally meets his rival in a justly famous chariot race and rescues his suffering family. 	 ['Adventure', 'History']
Basic Instinct 	 A police detective is in charge of the investigation of a brutal murder in which a beautiful and seductive woman could be involved. 	 ['Thriller', 'Mystery']
The Ballad of Buster Scruggs 	 Vignettes weaving together the stories of six individuals in the old West at the end of the Civil War. Following the tales of a sharp-shooting songster a wannabe bank robber two weary traveling performers a lone gold prospector a woman traveling the West to an uncertain future and a motley crew of strangers undertaking a carriage ride. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama', 'Western']
The Spy Who Loved Me 	 Russian and British submarines with nuclear missiles on board both vanish from sight without a trace. England and Russia both blame each other as James Bond tries to solve the riddle of the disappearing ships. But the KGB also has an agent on the case. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Thriller']
The Godfather: Part III 	 In the midst of trying to legitimize his business dealings in 1979 New York and Italy aging mafia don Michael Corleone seeks forgiveness for his sins while taking a young protege under his wing. 	 ['Crime', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
Madura Raja 	 It is the story which narrates the history of raja the story is about a don in madhura raja and his actions. 	 ['Action', 'Comedy', 'Family', 'Thriller']
Spider-Man 3 	 The seemingly invincible Spider-Man goes up against an all-new crop of villains—including the shape-shifting Sandman. While Spider-Man’s superpowers are altered by an alien organism his alter ego Peter Parker deals with nemesis Eddie Brock and also gets caught up in a love triangle. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Action', 'Adventure']
Wild Card 	 When a Las Vegas bodyguard with lethal skills and a gambling problem gets in trouble with the mob he has one last play… and it's all or nothing. 	 ['Thriller', 'Crime', 'Drama']
Blow 	 A boy named George Jung grows up in a struggling family in the 1950's. His mother nags at her husband as he is trying to make a living for the family. It is finally revealed that George's father cannot make a living and the family goes bankrupt. George does not want the same thing to happen to him and his friend Tuna in the 1960's suggests that he deal marijuana. He is a big hit in California in the 1960's yet he goes to jail where he finds out about the wonders of cocaine. As a result when released he gets rich by bringing cocaine to America. However he soon pays the price. 	 ['Crime', 'Drama']
Some Kind of Beautiful 	 By day Richard Haig is a successful and well-respected English professor at renowned Trinity College in Cambridge.  By night Richard indulges his own romantic fantasies with a steady stream of beautiful undergraduates.  But Richard has grown tired of the  game and is looking for something more meaningful and lasting.  So when Kate Richard’s tanned athletic 25-year-old American girlfriend tells him that she is pregnant Richard is thrilled.  He looks forward to having a family of his own  being a father his children could be proud of not some sex-fueled bobcat.  There is only one problem.  Richard’s not in love with Kate.  Richard is in love with Kate’s sister Olivia. He had been in love with her ever since he first saw her. 	 ['Comedy']
Predator 2 	 Ten years after a band of mercenaries first battled a vicious alien the invisible creature from another world has returned to Earth—and this time it’s drawn to the gang-ruled and ravaged city of Los Angeles. When it starts murdering drug dealers detective-lieutenant Mike Harrigan and his police force set out to capture the creature ignoring warnings from a mysterious government agent to stay away. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Action', 'Thriller']
2 Guns 	 A DEA agent and an undercover Naval Intelligence officer who have been tasked with investigating one another find they have been set up by the mob -- the very organization the two men believe they have been stealing money from. 	 ['Action', 'Comedy', 'Crime']
Enchanted 	 The beautiful princess Giselle is banished by an evil queen from her magical musical animated land and finds herself in the gritty reality of the streets of modern-day Manhattan. Shocked by this strange new environment that doesn't operate on a "happily ever after" basis Giselle is now adrift in a chaotic world badly in need of enchantment. But when Giselle begins to fall in love with a charmingly flawed divorce lawyer who has come to her aid - even though she is already promised to a perfect fairy tale prince back home - she has to wonder: Can a storybook view of romance survive in the real world? 	 ['Comedy', 'Family', 'Fantasy', 'Romance']
Skyfall 	 When Bond's latest assignment goes gravely wrong and agents around the world are exposed MI6 is attacked forcing M to relocate the agency. These events cause her authority and position to be challenged by Gareth Mallory the new Chairman of the Intelligence and Security Committee. With MI6 now compromised from both inside and out M is left with one ally she can trust: Bond. 007 takes to the shadows - aided only by field agent Eve - following a trail to the mysterious Silva whose lethal and hidden motives have yet to reveal themselves. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Thriller']
Armageddon 	 When an asteroid threatens to collide with Earth NASA honcho Dan Truman determines the only way to stop it is to drill into its surface and detonate a nuclear bomb. This leads him to renowned driller Harry Stamper who agrees to helm the dangerous space mission provided he can bring along his own hotshot crew. Among them is the cocksure A.J. who Harry thinks isn't good enough for his daughter until the mission proves otherwise. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Science Fiction', 'Adventure']
Antz 	 In this animated hit a neurotic worker ant in love with a rebellious princess rises to unlikely stardom when he switches places with a soldier. Signing up to march in a parade he ends up under the command of a bloodthirsty general. But he's actually been enlisted to fight against a termite army. 	 ['Adventure', 'Animation', 'Comedy', 'Family']
The Equalizer 	 McCall believes he has put his mysterious past behind him and dedicated himself to beginning a new quiet life. But when he meets Teri a young girl under the control of ultra-violent Russian gangsters he can’t stand idly by – he has to help her. Armed with hidden skills that allow him to serve vengeance against anyone who would brutalize the helpless McCall comes out of his self-imposed retirement and finds his desire for justice reawakened. If someone has a problem if the odds are stacked against them if they have nowhere else to turn McCall will help. He is The Equalizer. 	 ['Thriller', 'Action', 'Crime']
Staying on Top 	 Prolific low-budget filmmaker John Quinn (Hollywood Lives) wrote and directed this addition to the Playboy Eros Collection line of upscale softcore sex dramas. Holly Sampson stars as Kathrine Phillips an advertising executive working her way up the corporate ladder. Refreshingly for this sort of film she achieves her career goals through merit rather than sex which is the method employed by her devious corporate rival Cindy (Angela Davies). Cindy is bedding one of Kathrine's hottest prospective clients in an underhanded attempt to advance her own position. Kathrine stays true to her principles quitting her job in disgust and dumping Jake (Danny Pape) the philandering photographer whom she has been seeing before planning her effective yet admirably ethical revenge. Kathrine starts her own agency with a like-minded secretary Tai (Sasha Rochelle) and soon works her way to the top in truly heroic fashion. Ava Lake Mia and Holly Hollywood co-star. 	 ['Romance', 'Drama']
Annabelle: Creation 	 Several years after the tragic death of their little girl a doll maker and his wife welcome a nun and several girls from a shuttered orphanage into their home soon becoming the target of the doll maker's possessed creation—Annabelle. 	 ['Horror', 'Mystery', 'Thriller']
Twilight 	 When Bella Swan moves to a small town in the Pacific Northwest to live with her father she meets the reclusive Edward Cullen a mysterious classmate who reveals himself to be a 108-year-old vampire. Despite Edward's repeated cautions Bella can't help but fall in love with him a fatal move that endangers her own life when a coven of bloodsuckers try to challenge the Cullen clan. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Drama', 'Romance']
The Sisters Brothers 	 Oregon 1851. Hermann Kermit Warm a chemist and aspiring gold prospector keeps a profitable secret that the Commodore wants to know so he sends the Sisters brothers two notorious assassins to capture him on his way to California. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama', 'Western']
Mulholland Drive 	 Blonde Betty Elms has only just arrived in Hollywood to become a movie star when she meets an enigmatic brunette with amnesia. Meanwhile as the two set off to solve the second woman's identity filmmaker Adam Kesher runs into ominous trouble while casting his latest project. 	 ['Thriller', 'Drama', 'Mystery']
The Ring 	 It sounded like just another urban legend: A videotape filled with nightmarish images leading to a phone call foretelling the viewer's death in exactly seven days. As a newspaper reporter Rachel Keller was naturally skeptical of the story until four teenagers all met with mysterious deaths exactly one week after watching just such a tape. Allowing her investigative curiosity to get the better of her Rachel tracks down the video... and watches it. Now she has just seven days to unravel the mystery of the Ring. 	 ['Horror', 'Mystery']
*batteries not included 	 In a soon to be demolished block of apartments the residents resist the criminal methods used to force them to leave so a greedy tycoon can build his new skyscraper. When tiny mechanical aliens land for a recharge they decide to stay and help out. 	 ['Comedy', 'Family', 'Fantasy', 'Science Fiction']
Saw II 	 When a new murder victim is discovered with all the signs of Jigsaw's hand Detective Eric Matthews begins a full investigation and apprehends Jigsaw with little effort. But for Jigsaw getting caught is just another part of his plan. Eight more of his victims are already fighting for their lives and now it's time for Matthews to join the game... 	 ['Horror']
Kung Fu Hustle 	 Set in Canton China in the 1940s the story revolves in a town ruled by the Axe Gang Sing who desperately wants to become a member. He stumbles into a slum ruled by eccentric landlords who turns out to be the greatest kung-fu masters in disguise. Sing's actions eventually cause the Axe Gang and the slumlords to engage in an explosive kung-fu battle. Only one side will win and only one hero will emerge as the greatest kung-fu master of all. 	 ['Action', 'Comedy', 'Crime', 'Fantasy']
John Wick 	 Ex-hitman John Wick comes out of retirement to track down the gangsters that took everything from him. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller']
Zero Dark Thirty 	 A chronicle of the decade-long hunt for al-Qaeda terrorist leader Osama bin Laden after the September 2001 attacks and his death at the hands of the Navy S.E.A.L. Team 6 in May 2011. 	 ['Thriller', 'Drama', 'History']
Zootopia 	 Determined to prove herself Officer Judy Hopps the first bunny on Zootopia's police force jumps at the chance to crack her first case - even if it means partnering with scam-artist fox Nick Wilde to solve the mystery. 	 ['Animation', 'Adventure', 'Family', 'Comedy']
Sons of Denmark 	 One year after a major bomb attack in Copenhagen radicalisation around the country has intensified and ethnic tensions are running high. The next parliamentary election is near and the extremely nationalist politicial leader Martin Nordahl is set for a landslide victory. 19-year old Zakaria gets involved in a radical organisation where he forms a bond with Ali. The two men cannot agree with the current state of the country which is turning on its own citizens because of their migration background and decide to act. However they are both just tools in the hands of people with power. As the men try to make their mark their brotherhood will be tested and their actions will have grave consequences on their lives. 	 ['Thriller']
Asterix: The Mansions of the Gods 	 In order to wipe out the Gaulish village by any means necessary Caesar plans to absorb the villagers into Roman culture by having an estate built next to the village to start a new Roman colony. 	 ['Animation', 'Comedy', 'Adventure', 'Family']
American History X 	 Derek Vineyard is paroled after serving 3 years in prison for killing two thugs who tried to break into/steal his truck. Through his brother Danny Vineyard's narration we learn that before going to prison Derek was a skinhead and the leader of a violent white supremacist gang that committed acts of racial crime throughout L.A. and his actions greatly influenced Danny. Reformed and fresh out of prison Derek severs contact with the gang and becomes determined to keep Danny from going down the same violent path as he did. 	 ['Drama']
Welcome to Marwen 	 When a devastating attack shatters Mark Hogancamp and wipes away all memories no one expected recovery. Putting together pieces from his old and new life Mark meticulously creates a wondrous town named Marwen where he can heal and be heroic. As he builds an astonishing art installation — a testament to the most powerful women he knows — through his fantasy world he draws strength to triumph in the real one. 	 ['Drama', 'Comedy', 'Fantasy']
Battleship 	 When mankind beams a radio signal into space a reply comes from ‘Planet G’ in the form of several alien crafts that splash down in the waters off Hawaii. Lieutenant Alex Hopper is a weapons officer assigned to the USS John Paul Jones part of an international naval coalition which becomes the world's last hope for survival as they engage the hostile alien force of unimaginable strength. While taking on the invaders Hopper must also try to live up to the potential that his brother and his fiancée's father Admiral Shane expect of him. 	 ['Thriller', 'Action', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction']
The Italian Job 	 Charlie Croker pulled off the crime of a lifetime. The one thing that he didn't plan on was being double-crossed. Along with a drop-dead gorgeous safecracker Croker and his team take off to re-steal the loot and end up in a pulse-pounding pedal-to-the-metal chase that careens up down above and below the streets of Los Angeles. 	 ['Action', 'Crime']
The Day the Earth Stood Still 	 An alien and a robot land on earth after World War II and tell mankind to be peaceful or face destruction. A classic science fiction film from Robert Wise with an exceptional message. 	 ['Drama', 'Science Fiction', 'Thriller']
Legend 	 Suave charming and volatile Reggie Kray and his unstable twin brother Ronnie start to leave their mark on the London underworld in the 1960s. Using violence to get what they want the siblings orchestrate robberies and murders while running nightclubs and protection rackets. With police Detective Leonard "Nipper" Read hot on their heels the brothers continue their rapid rise to power and achieve tabloid notoriety. 	 ['Crime', 'Thriller']
Dragon Ball Z: Battle of Gods 	 The events of Battle of Gods take place some years after the battle with Majin Buu which determined the fate of the entire universe. After awakening from a long slumber Beerus the God of Destruction is visited by Whis his attendant and learns that the galactic overlord Frieza has been defeated by a Super Saiyan from the North Quadrant of the universe named Goku who is also a former student of the North Kai. Ecstatic over the new challenge Goku ignores King Kai's advice and battles Beerus but he is easily overwhelmed and defeated. Beerus leaves but his eerie remark of "Is there nobody on Earth more worthy to destroy?" lingers on. Now it is up to the heroes to stop the God of Destruction before all is lost. 	 ['Animation', 'Action']
X-Men: Apocalypse 	 After the re-emergence of the world's first mutant world-destroyer Apocalypse the X-Men must unite to defeat his extinction level plan. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction', 'Fantasy']
War for the Planet of the Apes 	 Caesar and his apes are forced into a deadly conflict with an army of humans led by a ruthless Colonel. After the apes suffer unimaginable losses Caesar wrestles with his darker instincts and begins his own mythic quest to avenge his kind. As the journey finally brings them face to face Caesar and the Colonel are pitted against each other in an epic battle that will determine the fate of both their species and the future of the planet. 	 ['Drama', 'Science Fiction', 'War']
Superbad 	 Two co-dependent high school seniors are forced to deal with separation anxiety after their plan to stage a booze-soaked party goes awry. 	 ['Comedy']
Fun with Dick and Jane 	 After Dick Harper loses his job at Globodyne in an Enron-esque collapse he and his wife Jane turn to crime in order to handle the massive debt they now face. Two intelligent people Dick and Jane actually get pretty good at robbing people and even enjoy it -- but they have second thoughts when they're reminded that crime can hurt innocent people. When the couple hears that Globodyne boss Jack McCallister actually swindled the company they plot revenge. 	 ['Comedy']
Beauty and the Beast 	 A live-action adaptation of Disney's version of the classic tale of a cursed prince and a beautiful young woman who helps him break the spell. 	 ['Family', 'Fantasy', 'Romance']
The Christmas Chronicles 	 Siblings Kate and Teddy try to prove Santa Claus is real but when they accidentally cause his sleigh to crash they have to save Christmas. 	 ['Comedy', 'Adventure', 'Family', 'Fantasy']
The Dirt 	 The story of Mötley Crüe and their rise from the Sunset Strip club scene of the early 1980s to superstardom. 	 ['Drama', 'Music', 'Comedy']
Unfriended: Dark Web 	 The story of Mötley Crüe and their rise from the Sunset Strip club scene of the early 1980s to superstardom. 	 ['Horror']
The Lorax 	 A 12-year-old boy searches for the one thing that will enable him to win the affection of the girl of his dreams. To find it he must discover the story of the Lorax the grumpy yet charming creature who fights to protect his world. 	 ['Animation', 'Family']
Let's Be Cops 	 It's the ultimate buddy cop movie except for one thing: they're not cops.  When two struggling pals dress as police officers for a costume party they become neighborhood sensations.  But when these newly-minted “heroes” get tangled in a real life web of mobsters and dirty detectives they must put their fake badges on the line. 	 ['Comedy']
Zombieland 	 Columbus has made a habit of running from what scares him. Tallahassee doesn't have fears. If he did he'd kick their ever-living ass. In a world overrun by zombies these two are perfectly evolved survivors. But now they're about to stare down the most terrifying prospect of all: each other. 	 ['Comedy', 'Horror']
Hero 	 Bernie Laplante is having a rough time. He's divorced his ex-wife hates him and has custody of their son the cops are setting a trap for him then to top it all he loses a shoe whilst rescuing passengers of a crashed jet. Being a thief who is down on his luck Bernie takes advantage of the crash but then someone else claims credit for the rescue. 	 ['Drama', 'Comedy', 'Thriller', 'Mystery']
30 Minutes or Less 	 Two fledgling criminals kidnap a pizza delivery guy strap a bomb to his chest and advise him that he has mere hours to rob a bank or else... 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Comedy']
Alvin and the Chipmunks: The Road Chip 	 Through a series of misunderstandings Alvin Simon and Theodore come to believe that Dave is going to propose to his new girlfriend in New York City - and dump them. They have three days to get to him and stop the proposal. 	 ['Adventure', 'Animation', 'Comedy', 'Family']
Dragged Across Concrete 	 Two policemen one an old-timer the other his volatile younger partner find themselves suspended when a video of their strong-arm tactics becomes the media's cause du jour. Low on cash and with no other options these two embittered soldiers descend into the criminal underworld to gain their just due but instead find far more than they wanted awaiting them in the shadows. 	 ['Drama', 'Crime', 'Action', 'Thriller']
Surrealistic Nightmares: An In-depth Look at Walloon Horror Cinema 	 After researching the Flemish horror cinema in "Forgotten Scares" director Steve De Roover - with the help of co-director Jérôme Vandewattyne (Spit'N'Split) - digs deeper in the follow-up documentary "Surrealistic Nightmares" and shows the beginning of Walloon horror cinema in the '20s (!) and how the genre evolved during the following years. Through unique experiences from the original cast and crew horror experts and various genre journalists a broad and in-depth picture is painted about the one-of-a-kind horror legacy from the French side of Belgium without forgetting the difficult cinema landscape of this small country with two very different languages. "Surrealistic Nightmares: An In-depth Look at Walloon Horror Cinema" is illustrated by exclusive behind the scene footage famous film scenes and loads of original promotional artwork. 	 ['Horror', 'Documentary']
American Pie Presents: Beta House 	 Erik Ryan and Cooze start college and pledge the Beta House fraternity presided over by none other than legendary Dwight Stifler. But chaos ensues when a fraternity of geeks threatens to stop the debauchery and the Betas have to make a stand for their right to party. 	 ['Comedy']
Madagascar 3: Europe's Most Wanted 	 Animal pals Alex Marty Melman and Gloria are still trying to make it back to New York's Central Park Zoo. They are forced to take a detour to Europe to find the penguins and chimps who broke the bank at a Monte Carlo casino. When French animal-control officer Capitaine Chantel DuBois picks up their scent Alex and company are forced to hide out in a traveling circus. 	 ['Animation', 'Family', 'Comedy']
Burn After Reading 	 When a disc containing memoirs of a former CIA analyst falls into the hands of gym employees Linda and Chad they see a chance to make enough money for Linda to have life-changing cosmetic surgery. Predictably events whirl out of control for the duo and those in their orbit. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama']
The Breakfast Club 	 Five disparate high school students meet in Saturday detention and discover they have a lot more in common than they thought. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama']
Ferdinand 	 Ferdinand a little bull prefers sitting quietly under a cork tree just smelling the flowers versus jumping around snorting and butting heads with other bulls. As Ferdinand grows big and strong his temperament remains mellow but one day five men come to choose the "biggest fastest roughest bull" for the bullfights in Madrid and Ferdinand is mistakenly chosen.  Based on the classic 1936 children's book by Munro Leaf. 	 ['Animation', 'Family', 'Adventure', 'Comedy']
Mulan 	 A tomboyish girl disguises herself as a young man so she can fight with the Imperial Chinese Army against the invading Huns. With help from wise-cracking dragon Mushu Mulan just might save her country -- and win the heart of handsome Captain Li Shang. 	 ['Animation', 'Family', 'Adventure']
Pet Sematary 	 Louis Creed his wife Rachel and their two children Gage and Ellie move to a rural home where they are welcomed and enlightened about the eerie 'Pet Sematary' located nearby. After the tragedy of their cat being killed by a truck Louis resorts to burying it in the mysterious pet cemetery which is definitely not as it seems as it proves to the Creeds that sometimes dead is better. 	 ['Horror', 'Thriller']
A Deal With The Universe 	 In his debut film assembled entirely from home video footage which he and his partner Tracey shot over the course of a decade Barker tells the fascinating story behind their journey to conceive. 	 ['Horror', 'Thriller']
Perfume: The Story of a Murderer 	 Jean-Baptiste Grenouille born in the stench of 18th century Paris develops a superior olfactory sense which he uses to create the world's finest perfumes. However his work takes a dark turn as he tries to preserve scents in the search for the ultimate perfume. 	 ['Crime', 'Fantasy', 'Drama']
Shot Caller 	 A newly-released prison gangster is forced by the leaders of his gang to orchestrate a major crime with a brutal rival gang on the streets of Southern California. 	 ['Crime', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
Terminator Genisys 	 The year is 2029. John Connor leader of the resistance continues the war against the machines. At the Los Angeles offensive John's fears of the unknown future begin to emerge when TECOM spies reveal a new plot by SkyNet that will attack him from both fronts; past and future and will ultimately change warfare forever. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Action', 'Thriller', 'Adventure']
Underworld: Blood Wars 	 Vampire death dealer Selene fends off brutal attacks from both the Lycan clan and the Vampire faction that betrayed her. With her only allies David and his father Thomas she must stop the eternal war between Lycans and Vampires even if it means she has to make the ultimate sacrifice. 	 ['Action', 'Fantasy', 'Horror', 'Drama']
Parker 	 A thief with a unique code of professional ethics is double-crossed by his crew and left for dead. Assuming a new disguise and forming an unlikely alliance with a woman on the inside he looks to hijack the score of the crew's latest heist. 	 ['Action', 'Crime']
The Fox and the Hound 	 When a feisty little fox named Tod is adopted into a farm family he quickly becomes friends with a fun and adorable hound puppy named Copper. Life is full of hilarious adventures until Copper is expected to take on his role as a hunting dog -- and the object of his search is his best friend! 	 ['Adventure', 'Animation', 'Drama', 'Family']
Hotel Transylvania 3: Summer Vacation 	 Dracula Mavis Johnny and the rest of the Drac Pack take a vacation on a luxury Monster Cruise Ship where Dracula falls in love with the ship’s captain Ericka who’s secretly a descendant of Abraham Van Helsing the notorious monster slayer. 	 ['Family', 'Fantasy', 'Comedy', 'Animation']
Johnny English 	 Rowan plays the eponymous lead character in a spoof spy thriller. During the course of the story we follow our hero as he attempts to single-handedly save the country from falling into the hands of a despot. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Comedy']
The Purge: Election Year 	 Two years after choosing not to kill the man who killed his son former police sergeant Leo Barnes has become head of security for Senator Charlene Roan the front runner in the next Presidential election due to her vow to eliminate the Purge. On the night of what should be the final Purge a betrayal from within the government forces Barnes and Roan out onto the street where they must fight to survive the night. 	 ['Action', 'Horror', 'Thriller']
Close 	 A counter-terrorism expert takes a job protecting a young heiress. After an attempted kidnapping puts both of their lives in danger they must flee. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller']
Edward Scissorhands 	 A small suburban town receives a visit from a castaway unfinished science experiment named Edward. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Drama', 'Romance']
Jack the Giant Slayer 	 The story of an ancient war that is reignited when a young farmhand unwittingly opens a gateway between our world and a fearsome race of giants. Unleashed on the Earth for the first time in centuries the giants strive to reclaim the land they once lost forcing the young man Jack into the battle of his life to stop them. Fighting for a kingdom its people and the love of a brave princess he comes face to face with the unstoppable warriors he thought only existed in legend–and gets the chance to become a legend himself. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Family', 'Fantasy']
Death Race: Beyond Anarchy 	 Black Ops specialist Connor Gibson infiltrates a maximum security prison to take down legendary driver Frankenstein in a violent and brutal car race. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller']
The Fate of the Furious 	 When a mysterious woman seduces Dom into the world of crime and a betrayal of those closest to him the crew face trials that will test them as never before. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Crime', 'Thriller', 'Mystery']
Total Recall 	 Construction worker Douglas Quaid discovers a memory chip in his brain during a virtual-reality trip. He also finds that his past has been invented to conceal a plot of planetary domination. Soon he's off to Mars to find out who he is and who planted the chip. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction']
Sinister 	 Found footage helps a true-crime novelist realize how and why a family was murdered in his new home though his discoveries put his entire family in the path of a supernatural entity. 	 ['Horror', 'Thriller', 'Mystery']
Under the Silver Lake 	 Young and disenchanted Sam meets a mysterious and beautiful woman who's swimming in his building's pool one night. When she suddenly vanishes the next morning Sam embarks on a surreal quest across Los Angeles to decode the secret behind her disappearance leading him into the murkiest depths of mystery scandal and conspiracy. 	 ['Crime', 'Thriller', 'Comedy', 'Drama', 'Mystery']
Underworld: Rise of the Lycans 	 A prequel to the first two Underworld films this fantasy explains the origins of the feud between the Vampires and the Lycans. Aided by his secret love Sonja courageous Lucian leads the Lycans in battle against brutal Vampire king Viktor. Determined to break the king's enslavement of his people Lucian faces off against the Death Dealer army in a bid for Lycan independence. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Action', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction', 'Thriller']
Air Force One 	 Russian terrorists conspire to hijack the aircraft with the president and his family on board. The commander in chief finds himself facing an impossible predicament: give in to the terrorists and sacrifice his family or risk everything to uphold his principles - and the integrity of the nation. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller']
Papá Youtuber 	 A family dad with no technology knowledge is fired by his new boss a young millennial. In desperation to don't lose his home and after learning that his wife is pregnant he decides to become a YouTuber for what he will need the help of his two misunderstood kids. 	 ['Comedy']
Divergent 	 In a world divided into factions based on personality types Tris learns that she's been classified as Divergent and won't fit in. When she discovers a plot to destroy Divergents Tris and the mysterious Four must find out what makes Divergents dangerous before it's too late. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction']
The Death & Life of John F. Donovan 	 An American movie star finds his correspondence with an 11-year-old actor exposed prompting assumptions that begin to destroy his life and career. 	 ['Drama']
P.S. I Love You 	 A young widow discovers that her late husband has left her 10 messages intended to help ease her pain and start a new life. 	 ['Drama', 'Romance']
Insurgent 	 Beatrice Prior must confront her inner demons and continue her fight against a powerful alliance which threatens to tear her society apart. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction', 'Thriller']
Undisputed 	 Monroe Hutchens is the heavyweight champion of Sweetwater a maximum security prison. He was convicted to a life sentence due to a passionate crime. Iceman Chambers is the heavyweight champion who lost his title due to a rape conviction to ten years in Sweetwater. WHen these two giants collide in the same prison they fight against each other disputing who is the real champion. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
Hanggang Kailan? 	 Donnie and Kath a couple who are on a trip to celebrate their second anniversary. However  it suddenly leads to their decision that this trip will be their last. 	 ['Romance', 'Drama']
A Nightmare on Elm Street 4: The Dream Master 	 Dream demon Freddy Krueger is resurrected from his apparent demise and rapidly tracks down and kills the remainder of the Elm Street kids. However Kristen who can draw others into her dreams wills her special ability to her friend Alice. Alice soon realizes that Freddy is taking advantage of that unknown power to pull a new group of children into his foul domain. 	 ['Horror', 'Thriller']
Blade Runner 2049 	 Thirty years after the events of the first film a new blade runner LAPD Officer K unearths a long-buried secret that has the potential to plunge what's left of society into chaos. K's discovery leads him on a quest to find Rick Deckard a former LAPD blade runner who has been missing for 30 years. 	 ['Science Fiction']
Ghost 	 Sam Wheat is a banker Molly Jensen is an artist and the two are madly in love. However when Sam is murdered by his friend and corrupt business partner Carl Bruner over a shady business deal he is left to roam the earth as a powerless spirit. When he learns of Carl's betrayal Sam must seek the help of psychic Oda Mae Brown to set things right and protect Molly from Carl and his goons. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Drama', 'Thriller', 'Mystery', 'Romance']
Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street 	 The infamous story of Benjamin Barker a.k.a Sweeney Todd who sets up a barber shop down in London which is the basis for a sinister partnership with his fellow tenant Mrs. Lovett. Based on the hit Broadway musical. 	 ['Drama', 'Horror']
Galveston 	 After a violent encounter Roy finds Rocky and sees something in her eyes that prompts a fateful decision. He takes her with him as he flees to Galveston an action as ill-advised as it is inescapable. 	 ['Drama', 'Thriller', 'Action', 'Crime']
Ralph Breaks the Internet 	 Video game bad guy Ralph and fellow misfit Vanellope von Schweetz must risk it all by traveling to the World Wide Web in search of a replacement part to save Vanellope's video game "Sugar Rush." In way over their heads Ralph and Vanellope rely on the citizens of the internet -- the netizens -- to help navigate their way including an entrepreneur named Yesss who is the head algorithm and the heart and soul of trend-making site BuzzzTube. 	 ['Family', 'Animation', 'Comedy', 'Fantasy']
Crayon Shin-chan: The Legend Called: Dance! Amigo! 	 Something sinister's afoot in Kasukabe. Shin-chan doesn't know what it is but he's pretty sure it involves samba-dancing doppelgängers. 	 ['Comedy', 'Animation']
Smallfoot 	 A bright young yeti finds something he thought didn't exist—a human. News of this “smallfoot” throws the simple yeti community into an uproar over what else might be out there in the big world beyond their snowy village. 	 ['Animation', 'Family', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy']
I Know What You Did Last Summer 	 As they celebrate their high school graduation four friends are involved in a hit-and-run accident when their car hits and apparently kills a pedestrian on an isolated roadway. They dispose of the body and vow to keep the incident a secret a year later somebody starts sending them letters bearing the warning "I Know What You Did Last Summer". 	 ['Horror', 'Thriller', 'Mystery']
Neon Genesis Evangelion: The End of Evangelion 	 The second of two theatrically released follow-ups to the Neon Genesis Evangelion series. Comprising of two alternate episodes which were first intended to take the place of episodes 25 and 26 this finale answers many of the questions surrounding the series while also opening up some new possibilities. 	 ['Drama', 'Science Fiction', 'Animation']
Kingdom of Heaven 	 After his wife dies a blacksmith named Balian is thrust into royalty political intrigue and bloody holy wars during the Crusades. 	 ['Drama', 'Action', 'Adventure', 'History', 'War']
Jupiter Ascending 	 In a universe where human genetic material is the most precious commodity an impoverished young Earth woman becomes the key to strategic maneuvers and internal strife within a powerful dynasty… 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Fantasy', 'Action', 'Adventure']
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban 	 Harry Ron and Hermione return to Hogwarts for another magic-filled year. Harry comes face to face with danger yet again this time in the form of escaped convict Sirius Black—and turns to sympathetic Professor Lupin for help. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Family']
The Lake House 	 A lonely doctor who once occupied an unusual lakeside home begins exchanging love letters with its former resident a frustrated architect. They must try to unravel the mystery behind their extraordinary romance before it's too late. 	 ['Romance', 'Drama', 'Mystery']
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 	 The Guardians must fight to keep their newfound family together as they unravel the mysteries of Peter Quill's true parentage. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Science Fiction']
Casino 	 In early-1970s Las Vegas low-level mobster Sam "Ace" Rothstein gets tapped by his bosses to head the Tangiers Casino. At first he's a great success in the job but over the years problems with his loose-cannon enforcer Nicky Santoro his ex-hustler wife Ginger her con-artist ex Lester Diamond and a handful of corrupt politicians put Sam in ever-increasing danger. 	 ['Crime', 'Drama']
Escape from Alcatraz 	 Escape from Alcatraz tells the story of the only three men ever to escape from the infamous maximum security prison at Alcatraz. In 29 years the seemingly impenetrable federal penitentiary which housed Al Capone and "Birdman" Robert Stroud was only broken once - by three men never heard of again. 	 ['Crime', 'Drama']
Big Hero 6 	 The special bond that develops between plus-sized inflatable robot Baymax and prodigy Hiro Hamada who team up with a group of friends to form a band of high-tech heroes. 	 ['Adventure', 'Family', 'Animation', 'Action', 'Comedy']
Cinderella 	 When her father unexpectedly passes away young Ella finds herself at the mercy of her cruel stepmother and her daughters. Never one to give up hope Ella's fortunes begin to change after meeting a dashing stranger in the woods. 	 ['Romance', 'Fantasy', 'Family', 'Drama']
Bloodroot 	 Douglas Tirola’s latest documentary traces the evolution of feminism through the lives of two exceptional women Noel and Selma who came of age in the ’50s when women were relegated to the roles of wives and mothers. During the height of the women’s movement Noel a former teen model and Playboy bunny meets and falls in love with Selma a tough outspoken radical feminist. Both women choose to leave their comfortable yet unsatisfying marriages and children to come out as lesbians. The two share a love of cooking and gardening and in the ’70s open Bloodroot the first vegetarian collective restaurant and bookstore in Bridgeport Connecticut. By interspersing archival footage and clips from The Stepford Wives Tirola affectionately chronicles the cultural shifts of the last 40 years as Noel and Selma attempt to keep Bloodroot open as an indispensable gathering spot for progressive women. 	 ['Documentary']
The Silence 	 With the world under attack by deadly creatures who hunt by sound a teen and her family seek refuge outside the city and encounter a mysterious cult. 	 ['Horror', 'Drama']
American Made 	 The true story of pilot Barry Seal who transported contraband for the CIA and the Medellin cartel in the 1980s. 	 ['Thriller', 'Action']
Black Panther 	 King T'Challa returns home from America to the reclusive technologically advanced African nation of Wakanda to serve as his country's new leader. However T'Challa soon finds that he is challenged for the throne by factions within his own country as well as without. Using powers reserved to Wakandan kings T'Challa assumes the Black Panther mantel to join with girlfriend Nakia the queen-mother his princess-kid sister members of the Dora Milaje (the Wakandan 'special forces') and an American secret agent to prevent Wakanda from being dragged into a world war. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Science Fiction']
Spectre 	 A cryptic message from Bond’s past sends him on a trail to uncover a sinister organization. While M battles political forces to keep the secret service alive Bond peels back the layers of deceit to reveal the terrible truth behind SPECTRE. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Crime']
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time 	 A rogue prince reluctantly joins forces with a mysterious princess and together they race against dark forces to safeguard an ancient dagger capable of releasing the Sands of Time – gift from the gods that can reverse time and allow its possessor to rule the world. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Action', 'Romance']
The Pianist 	 The true story of pianist Wladyslaw Szpilman's experiences in Warsaw during the Nazi occupation. When the Jews of the city find themselves forced into a ghetto Szpilman finds work playing in a café; and when his family is deported in 1942 he stays behind works for a while as a laborer and eventually goes into hiding in the ruins of the war-torn city. 	 ['Drama', 'War']
Wonder Woman 	 An Amazon princess comes to the world of Man in the grips of the First World War to confront the forces of evil and bring an end to human conflict. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'War']
Boyka: Undisputed IV 	 In the fourth installment of the fighting franchise Boyka is shooting for the big leagues when an accidental death in the ring makes him question everything he stands for. When he finds out the wife of the man he accidentally killed is in trouble Boyka offers to fight in a series of impossible battles to free her from a life of servitude 	 ['Thriller', 'Action', 'Crime']
Doctor Strange 	 After his career is destroyed a brilliant but arrogant surgeon gets a new lease on life when a sorcerer takes him under her wing and trains him to defend the world against evil. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Science Fiction']
Home Alone 2: Lost in New York 	 Instead of flying to Florida with his folks Kevin ends up alone in New York where he gets a hotel room with his dad's credit card—despite problems from a clerk and meddling bellboy. But when Kevin runs into his old nemeses the Wet Bandits he's determined to foil their plans to rob a toy store on Christmas eve. 	 ['Comedy', 'Family', 'Adventure', 'Crime']
St. Vincent 	 A young boy whose parents just divorced finds an unlikely friend and mentor in the misanthropic bawdy hedonistic war veteran who lives next door. 	 ['Comedy']
Robin Hood 	 A war-hardened Crusader and his Moorish commander mount an audacious revolt against the corrupt English crown. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Thriller']
Collateral 	 Cab driver Max picks up a man who offers him $600 to drive him around. But the promise of easy money sours when Max realizes his fare is an assassin. 	 ['Drama', 'Crime', 'Thriller']
Kill Bill: Vol. 2 	 The Bride unwaveringly continues on her roaring rampage of revenge against the band of assassins who had tried to kill her and her unborn child. She visits each of her former associates one-by-one checking off the victims on her Death List Five until there's nothing left to do … but kill Bill. 	 ['Action', 'Crime', 'Thriller']
Interstellar 	 Interstellar chronicles the adventures of a group of explorers who make use of a newly discovered wormhole to surpass the limitations on human space travel and conquer the vast distances involved in an interstellar voyage. 	 ['Adventure', 'Drama', 'Science Fiction']
Starship Troopers 	 Set in the future the story follows a young soldier named Johnny Rico and his exploits in the Mobile Infantry. Rico's military career progresses from recruit to non-commissioned officer and finally to officer against the backdrop of an interstellar war between mankind and an arachnoid species known as "the Bugs". 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Thriller', 'Science Fiction']
Camp X-Ray 	 A young woman joins the military to be part of something bigger than herself and her small-town roots. Instead she ends up as a new guard at Guantanamo Bay where her mission is far from black and white. Surrounded by hostile jihadists and aggressive squadmates she strikes up an unusual friendship with one of the detainees. 	 ['Drama']
Revolutionary Road 	 A young couple living in a Connecticut suburb during the mid-1950s struggle to come to terms with their personal problems while trying to raise their two children. Based on a novel by Richard Yates. 	 ['Drama', 'Romance']
Baby Mama 	 A successful single businesswoman who dreams of having a baby discovers she is infertile and hires a working class woman to be her unlikely surrogate. 	 ['Comedy']
Jurassic World 	 Twenty-two years after the events of Jurassic Park Isla Nublar now features a fully functioning dinosaur theme park Jurassic World as originally envisioned by John Hammond. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction', 'Thriller']
Donnie Darko 	 After narrowly escaping a bizarre accident a troubled teenager is plagued by visions of a large bunny rabbit that manipulates him to commit a series of crimes. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Drama', 'Mystery']
Windtalkers 	 Joe Enders is a gung-ho Marine assigned to protect a "windtalker" - one of several Navajo Indians who were used to relay messages during World War II because their spoken language was indecipherable to Japanese code breakers. 	 ['Drama', 'Action', 'History', 'War']
Despicable Me 2 	 Gru is recruited by the Anti-Villain League to help deal with a powerful new super criminal. 	 ['Animation', 'Comedy', 'Family']
How to Train Your Dragon 2 	 The thrilling second chapter of the epic How To Train Your Dragon trilogy brings back the fantastical world of Hiccup and Toothless five years later. While Astrid Snotlout and the rest of the gang are challenging each other to dragon races (the island's new favorite contact sport) the now inseparable pair journey through the skies charting unmapped territories and exploring new worlds. When one of their adventures leads to the discovery of a secret ice cave that is home to hundreds of new wild dragons and the mysterious Dragon Rider the two friends find themselves at the center of a battle to protect the peace. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Action', 'Adventure', 'Animation', 'Comedy', 'Family']
Short Waves 	 Five novels about a radio network in our life. Someone use it as a tool for influence someone for an expression of feelings and someone just for cynical calculation. 	 ['Drama', 'Comedy']
The Shawshank Redemption 	 Framed in the 1940s for the double murder of his wife and her lover upstanding banker Andy Dufresne begins a new life at the Shawshank prison where he puts his accounting skills to work for an amoral warden. During his long stretch in prison Dufresne comes to be admired by the other inmates -- including an older prisoner named Red -- for his integrity and unquenchable sense of hope. 	 ['Drama', 'Crime']
Batman Returns 	 Having defeated the Joker Batman now faces the Penguin - a warped and deformed individual who is intent on being accepted into Gotham society. Crooked businessman Max Schreck is coerced into helping him become Mayor of Gotham and they both attempt to expose Batman in a different light. Selina Kyle Max's secretary is thrown from the top of a building and is transformed into Catwoman - a mysterious figure who has the same personality disorder as Batman. Batman must attempt to clear his name all the time deciding just what must be done with the Catwoman. 	 ['Action', 'Fantasy']
S.W.A.T. 	 Hondo Harrelson recruits Jim Street to join an elite unit of the Los Angeles Police Department. Together they seek out more members including tough Deke Kay and single mom Chris Sanchez. The team's first big assignment is to escort crime boss Alex Montel to prison. It seems routine but when Montel offers a huge reward to anyone who can break him free criminals of various stripes step up for the prize. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Crime']
The Nun 	 When a young nun at a cloistered abbey in Romania takes her own life a priest with a haunted past and a novitiate on the threshold of her final vows are sent by the Vatican to investigate. Together they uncover the order’s unholy secret. Risking not only their lives but their faith and their very souls they confront a malevolent force in the form of the same demonic nun that first terrorized audiences in “The Conjuring 2” as the abbey becomes a horrific battleground between the living and the damned. 	 ['Horror', 'Mystery', 'Thriller']
Abduction 	 A young man sets out to uncover the truth about his life after finding his baby photo on a missing persons website. 	 ['Thriller', 'Action', 'Mystery']
Yojimbo 	 A nameless ronin or samurai with no master enters a small village in feudal Japan where two rival businessmen are struggling for control of the local gambling trade. Taking the name Sanjuro Kuwabatake the ronin convinces both silk merchant Tazaemon and sake merchant Tokuemon to hire him as a personal bodyguard then artfully sets in motion a full-scale gang war between the two ambitious and unscrupulous men. 	 ['Drama', 'Thriller']
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest 	 Captain Jack Sparrow works his way out of a blood debt with the ghostly Davey Jones he also attempts to avoid eternal damnation. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Action']
Baywatch 	 Devoted lifeguard Mitch Buchannon butts heads with a brash new recruit. Together they uncover a local criminal plot that threatens the future of the Bay. 	 ['Action', 'Comedy']
Mad Max 2 	 Max Rockatansky returns as the heroic loner who drives the dusty roads of a postapocalyptic Australian Outback in an unending search for gasoline. Arrayed against him and the other scraggly defendants of a fuel-depot encampment are the bizarre warriors commanded by the charismatic Lord Humungus a violent leader whose scruples are as barren as the surrounding landscape. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Thriller', 'Science Fiction']
Pokémon: Detective Pikachu 	 In a world where people collect pocket-size monsters (pokemon) to do battle a boy comes across an intelligent monster who seeks to be a detective. 	 ['Mystery', 'Action', 'Family', 'Crime', 'Fantasy']
Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children 	 A teenager finds himself transported to an island where he must help protect a group of orphans with special powers from creatures intent on destroying them. 	 ['Drama', 'Fantasy', 'Adventure', 'Family']
A Delicious Flight 	 The in- flight service for Hong Kong starts now!  An erotic story that took place in the spacious blue sky!  An innocent actress runs away from the scandal with an idol the impudent idol that ruined her career a passionate manager who is devoted to her and his ex-girlfriend who is now a sexy stewardess. These four that should never be together run into each other in an airplane. No one can run away and the most cheeky and erotic things happen here. 	 ['Romance']
Tomb Raider 	 Lara Croft the fiercely independent daughter of a missing adventurer must push herself beyond her limits when she finds herself on the island where her father disappeared. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy']
Shazam! 	 A boy is given the ability to become an adult superhero in times of need with a single magic word. 	 ['Action', 'Comedy', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy']
Just Go with It 	 A plastic surgeon romancing a much younger schoolteacher enlists his loyal assistant to pretend to be his soon to be ex-wife in order to cover up a careless lie. When more lies backfire the assistant's kids become involved and everyone heads off for a weekend in Hawaii that will change all their lives. 	 ['Comedy', 'Romance']
Ready Player One 	 When the creator of a popular video game system dies a virtual contest is created to compete for his fortune. 	 ['Adventure', 'Science Fiction']
It's a Wonderful Life 	 A holiday favourite for generations...  George Bailey has spent his entire life giving to the people of Bedford Falls.  All that prevents rich skinflint Mr. Potter from taking over the entire town is George's modest building and loan company.  But on Christmas Eve the business's $8000 is lost and George's troubles begin. 	 ['Drama', 'Family', 'Fantasy']
Snow White and the Huntsman 	 After the Evil Queen marries the King she performs a violent coup in which the King is murdered and his daughter Snow White is taken captive. Almost a decade later a grown Snow White is still in the clutches of the Queen. In order to obtain immortality The Evil Queen needs the heart of Snow White. After Snow escapes the castle the Queen sends the Huntsman to find her in the Dark Forest. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Drama']
Mary Poppins 	 In Depression-era London a now-grown Jane and Michael Banks along with Michael's three children are visited by the enigmatic Mary Poppins following a personal loss. Through her unique magical skills and with the aid of her friend Jack she helps the family rediscover the joy and wonder missing in their lives. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Family', 'Comedy']
Triple Frontier 	 Struggling to make ends meet former special ops soldiers reunite for a high-stakes heist: stealing $75 million from a South American drug lord. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Crime', 'Adventure']
The Wind 	 A supernatural thriller set in the Western frontier of the late 1800s The Wind stars Caitlin Gerard as a plains-woman driven mad by the harshness and isolation of the untamed land. 	 ['Horror', 'Western', 'Thriller']
Princess Mononoke 	 Ashitaka a prince of the disappearing Ainu tribe is cursed by a demonized boar god and must journey to the west to find a cure. Along the way he encounters San a young human woman fighting to protect the forest and Lady Eboshi who is trying to destroy it. Ashitaka must find a way to bring balance to this conflict. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Animation']
Prospect 	 A teenage girl and her father travel to a remote alien moon aiming to strike it rich. They've secured a contract to harvest a large deposit of the elusive gems hidden in the depths of the moon's toxic forest. But there are others roving the wilderness and the job quickly devolves into a fight to survive. 	 ['Science Fiction']
Hell Fest 	 On Halloween night at a horror theme park a costumed killer begins slaying innocent patrons who believe that it's all part of the festivities. 	 ['Horror']
Jackass 3D 	 Jackass 3D is a 3-D film and the third movie of the Jackass series. It follows the same premise as the first two movies as well as the TV series. It is a compilation of various pranks stunts and skits. Before the movie begins a brief introduction is made by Beavis and Butt-head explaining the 3D technology behind the movie. The intro features the cast lining up and then being attacked by various objects in slow-motion. The movie marks the 10th anniversary of the franchise started in 2000. 	 ['Comedy', 'Documentary', 'Action']
Sexual Chronicles of a French Family 	 Three generations of a French family open up about their sexual experiences and desires after young Romain is caught masturbating in his biology class. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama']
Pain & Gain 	 Daniel Lugo manager of the Sun Gym in 1990s Miami decides that there is only one way to achieve his version of the American dream: extortion. To achieve his goal he recruits musclemen Paul and Adrian as accomplices. After several failed attempts they abduct rich businessman Victor Kershaw and convince him to sign over all his assets to them. But when Kershaw makes it out alive authorities are reluctant to believe his story. 	 ['Thriller', 'Crime', 'Action', 'Comedy']
Penguins of Madagascar 	 Skipper Kowalski Rico and Private join forces with undercover organization The North Wind to stop the villainous Dr. Octavius Brine from destroying the world as we know it. 	 ['Family', 'Animation', 'Adventure', 'Comedy']
Unfaithful 	 Connie is a wife and mother whose 11-year marriage to Edward has lost its sexual spark. When Connie literally runs into handsome book collector Paul he sweeps her into an all-consuming affair. But Edward soon becomes suspicious and decides to confront the other man. 	 ['Thriller']
SPL: Kill Zone 	 Chan an articulate senior detective nearing the end of his career is taking care of the daughter of a witness killed by ruthless crime lord Po. Martial arts expert Ma is set to take over as head of the crime unit replacing Chan who wants an early retirement. 	 ['Action', 'Crime', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
Pinocchio 	 Lonely toymaker Geppetto has his wishes answered when the Blue Fairy arrives to bring his wooden puppet Pinocchio to life. Before becoming a real boy however Pinocchio must prove he's worthy as he sets off on an adventure with his whistling sidekick and conscience Jiminy Cricket. 	 ['Animation', 'Family']
Warcraft 	 The peaceful realm of Azeroth stands on the brink of war as its civilization faces a fearsome race of invaders: orc warriors fleeing their dying home to colonize another. As a portal opens to connect the two worlds one army faces destruction and the other faces extinction. From opposing sides two heroes are set on a collision course that will decide the fate of their family their people and their home. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy']
Mortal Engines 	 Many thousands of years in the future Earth’s cities roam the globe on huge wheels devouring each other in a struggle for ever diminishing resources. On one of these massive traction cities the old London Tom Natsworthy has an unexpected encounter with a mysterious young woman from the wastelands who will change the course of his life forever. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Action', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Thriller']
Love 	 Since the moment they met at age 5 Rosie and Alex have been best friends facing the highs and lows of growing up side by side. A fleeting shared moment one missed opportunity and the decisions that follow send their lives in completely different directions. As each navigates the complexities of life love and everything in between they always find their way back to each other - but is it just friendship or something more?  Based on Cecelia Ahern's bestselling novel LOVE ROSIE is a heart-warming modern comedy-of-errors posing the ultimate question: do we really only get one shot at true love? 	 ['Comedy', 'Romance']
La La Land 	 Mia an aspiring actress serves lattes to movie stars in between auditions and Sebastian a jazz musician scrapes by playing cocktail party gigs in dingy bars but as success mounts they are faced with decisions that begin to fray the fragile fabric of their love affair and the dreams they worked so hard to maintain in each other threaten to rip them apart. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama', 'Romance']
Into the Wild 	 After graduating from Emory University in 1992 top student and athlete Christopher McCandless abandons his possessions gives his entire $24000 savings account to charity and hitchhikes to Alaska to live in the wilderness. 	 ['Adventure', 'Drama']
Five Feet Apart 	 Seventeen-year-old Stella spends most of her time in the hospital as a cystic fibrosis patient. Her life is full of routines boundaries and self-control -- all of which get put to the test when she meets Will an impossibly charming teen who has the same illness. 	 ['Romance', 'Drama']
I Spit on Your Grave 	 A remake of the 1979 controversial cult classic I Spit on Your Grave retells the horrific tale of writer Jennifer Hills who takes a retreat from the city to a charming cabin in the woods to start on her next book. But Jennifer's presence in the small town attracts the attention of a few morally deprived locals led by Johnny the town's service station owner his two co-workers Andy and Stanley who along with their socially and mentally challenged friend Matthew set out one night to teach this city girl a lesson. 	 ['Thriller', 'Crime', 'Horror']
9 Songs 	 Matt a young glaciologist soars across the vast silent icebound immensities of the South Pole as he recalls his love affair with Lisa. They meet at a mobbed rock concert in a vast music hall - London's Brixton Academy. They are in bed at night's end. Together over a period of several months they pursue a mutual sexual passion whose inevitable stages unfold in counterpoint to nine live-concert songs. 	 ['Drama', 'Music', 'Romance']
The Secret Life of Walter Mitty 	 A timid magazine photo manager who lives life vicariously through daydreams embarks on a true-life adventure when a negative goes missing. 	 ['Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Drama', 'Fantasy']
Ouija 	 A group of friends must confront their most terrifying fears when they awaken the dark powers of an ancient spirit board. 	 ['Horror']
The 5th Wave 	 16-year-old Cassie Sullivan tries to survive in a world devastated by the waves of an alien invasion that has already decimated the population and knocked mankind back to the Stone Age. 	 ['Adventure', 'Science Fiction']
Dumbo 	 A young elephant whose oversized ears enable him to fly helps save a struggling circus but when the circus plans a new venture Dumbo and his friends discover dark secrets beneath its shiny veneer. 	 ['Adventure', 'Family', 'Fantasy']
Jason Bourne 	 The most dangerous former operative of the CIA is drawn out of hiding to uncover hidden truths about his past. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller']
Scream 3 	 A murdering spree begins to happen again this time its targeted toward the original Woodsboro survivors and those associated with the movie inside a movie 'Stab 3'. Sydney must face the demons of her past to stop the killer. 	 ['Horror', 'Mystery']
Bridesmaids 	 Annie's life is a mess. But when she finds out her lifetime best friend is engaged she simply must serve as Lillian's maid of honor. Though lovelorn and broke Annie bluffs her way through the expensive and bizarre rituals. With one chance to get it perfect she’ll show Lillian and her bridesmaids just how far you’ll go for someone you love. 	 ['Comedy', 'Romance']
300 	 Based on Frank Miller's graphic novel "300" is very loosely based the 480 B.C. Battle of Thermopylae where the King of Sparta led his army against the advancing Persians; the battle is said to have inspired all of Greece to band together against the Persians and helped usher in the world's first democracy. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'War']
Percy Jackson: Sea of Monsters 	 In their quest to confront the ultimate evil Percy and his friends battle swarms of mythical creatures to find the mythical Golden Fleece and to stop an ancient evil from rising. 	 ['Adventure', 'Family', 'Fantasy']
Movie 43 	 The film is composed of multiple comedy shorts presented through an overarching segment titled "The Pitch" in which Charlie Wessler a mad screenwriter is attempting to pitch a script to film executive Griffin Schraeder. After revealing several of the stories in his script Wessler becomes agitated when Schraeder dismisses his outrageous ideas and he pulls a gun on him and forces him to listen to multiple other stories before making Schraeder consult his manager Bob Mone to purchase the film. 	 ['Comedy']
The Lion King 	 A young lion cub named Simba can't wait to be king. But his uncle craves the title for himself and will stop at nothing to get it. 	 ['Family', 'Animation', 'Drama']
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas 	 When his family moves from their home in Berlin to a strange new house in Poland young Bruno befriends Shmuel a boy who lives on the other side of the fence where everyone seems to be wearing striped pajamas. Unaware of Shmuel's fate as a Jewish prisoner or the role his own Nazi father plays in his imprisonment Bruno embarks on a dangerous journey inside the camp's walls. 	 ['War', 'Drama']
American Gangster 	 Following the death of his employer and mentor Bumpy Johnson Frank Lucas establishes himself as the number one importer of heroin in the Harlem district of Manhattan. He does so by buying heroin directly from the source in South East Asia and he comes up with a unique way of importing the drugs into the United States. Based on a true story. 	 ['Drama', 'Crime']
Flatliners 	 Five medical students hoping to gain insight into the mystery of what lies beyond the confines of life embark on a daring and dangerous experiment. By stopping their hearts for short periods of time each triggers a near-death experience. As the investigation becomes more and more perilous they are forced to confront the sins of their pasts as well as contend with the paranormal consequences of trespassing to the other side. 	 ['Drama', 'Science Fiction']
Snowden 	 CIA employee Edward Snowden leaks thousands of classified documents to the press. 	 ['Drama', 'History', 'Crime', 'Thriller']
When Harry Met Sally... 	 During their travel from Chicago to New York Harry and Sally debate whether or not sex ruins a friendship between a man and a woman. Eleven years later and they're still no closer to finding the answer. 	 ['Comedy', 'Romance', 'Drama']
Hotel Transylvania 	 Welcome to Hotel Transylvania Dracula's lavish five-stake resort where monsters and their families can live it up and no humans are allowed. One special weekend Dracula has invited all his best friends to celebrate his beloved daughter Mavis's 118th birthday. For Dracula catering to all of these legendary monsters is no problem but the party really starts when one ordinary guy stumbles into the hotel and changes everything! 	 ['Animation', 'Comedy', 'Family', 'Fantasy']
All the President's Men 	 In the run-up to the 1972 elections Washington Post reporter Bob Woodward covers what seems to be a minor break-in at the Democratic Party National Headquarters. He is surprised to find top lawyers already on the defense case and the discovery of names and addresses of Republican fund organizers on the accused further arouses his suspicions. After the editor of the Post runs with the story and assigns Woodward and Carl Bernstein to it they find the trail leading higher and higher in the Republican Party—and eventually into the White House itself. 	 ['Drama', 'History', 'Mystery', 'Thriller']
The Purity of Vengeance 	 In an older apartment in Copenhagen some craftsmen make a scary discovery: behind a fake wall they find three mummified bodies sitting around a dining table with a free space ready. Carl Mørck and Assad from Department Q now have to find out who the mummies are and for whom the fourth place is intended. They soon discover that the previous inhabitants of the apartment trace back to an infamous women's hospital at Sprogø island where attempts at forced sterilization were a regular part of the daily lives of the women who were brought to the hospital. The horror at the hospital is an overdue chapter in the history of Denmark but there are people who say that the experiments are still up in our time. Carl and Assad start a race with time to prevent new murders and assaults. 	 ['Crime', 'Thriller', 'Mystery']
A Few Good Men 	 When cocky military lawyer Lt. Daniel Kaffee and his co-counsel Lt. Cmdr. JoAnne Galloway are assigned to a murder case they uncover a hazing ritual that could implicate high-ranking officials such as shady Col. Nathan Jessep. 	 ['Drama']
The Twilight Saga: Eclipse 	 Bella once again finds herself surrounded by danger as Seattle is ravaged by a string of mysterious killings and a malicious vampire continues her quest for revenge. In the midst of it all she is forced to choose between her love for Edward and her friendship with Jacob knowing that her decision has the potential to ignite the ageless struggle between vampire and werewolf. With her graduation quickly approaching Bella is confronted with the most important decision of her life. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Drama', 'Romance']
Sobibor 	 The film is based on a real story that happened in 1943 in the Sobibor concentration camp in German-occupied Poland. The main character of the movie is the Soviet-Jewish soldier Alexander Pechersky who at that time was serving in the Red Army as a lieutenant. In October 1943 he was captured by the Nazis and deported to the Sobibor concentration camp where Jews were being exterminated in gas chambers. But in just 3 weeks Alexander was able to plan an international uprising of prisoners from Poland and Western Europe. This uprising resulted in being the only successful one throughout the war which led to the largest escape of prisoners from a Nazi concentration camp. 	 ['Drama', 'War', 'History']
Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby 	 Lifelong friends and national idols Ricky Bobby and Cal Naughton Jr. have earned their NASCAR stripes with their uncanny knack of finishing races in the first and second slots respectively and slinging catchphrases like "Shake and bake!" But when a rival French driver coasts onto the track to challenge their records they'll have to floor it to retain their top-dog status. 	 ['Comedy']
Futurama: The Beast with a Billion Backs 	 Fresh off ripping space-time a new one at the end of "Bender's Big Score the Planet Express crew is back to mend the tear in reality, or (hopefully) at least not make it worse.  Beyond the tear, though, lurks a being of inconceivable...tentacularity.  What will become of Earth, and indeed, our universe, when faced with the Beast with a Billion Backs?
keywords 	 ['Animation', 'Comedy', 'Fantasy', 'Science Fiction']
Peter Rabbit 	 Peter Rabbit's feud with Mr. McGregor escalates to greater heights than ever before as they rival for the affections of the warm-hearted animal lover who lives next door. 	 ['Animation', 'Adventure', 'Family']
Robin Hood 	 A war-hardened Crusader and his Moorish commander mount an audacious revolt against the corrupt English crown. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Thriller']
Dragon Ball Z: Resurrection 'F' 	 One peaceful day on Earth two remnants of Frieza's army named Sorbet and Tagoma arrive searching for the Dragon Balls with the aim of reviving Frieza. They succeed and Frieza subsequently seeks revenge on the Saiyans. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Animation', 'Fantasy']
The Godfather: Part II 	 In the continuing saga of the Corleone crime family a young Vito Corleone grows up in Sicily and in 1910s New York. In the 1950s Michael Corleone attempts to expand the family business into Las Vegas Hollywood and Cuba. 	 ['Drama', 'Crime']
The Dark Knight Rises 	 Following the death of District Attorney Harvey Dent Batman assumes responsibility for Dent's crimes to protect the late attorney's reputation and is subsequently hunted by the Gotham City Police Department. Eight years later Batman encounters the mysterious Selina Kyle and the villainous Bane a new terrorist leader who overwhelms Gotham's finest. The Dark Knight resurfaces to protect a city that has branded him an enemy. 	 ['Action', 'Crime', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
Once Upon a Deadpool 	 A kidnapped Fred Savage is forced to endure Deadpool's PG-13 rendition of Deadpool 2 as a Princess Bride-esque story that's full of magic wonder & zero F's. 	 ['Comedy', 'Action']
Bottled with Love 	 After being stood up Abbey gets inspired to open her heart in a letter put it in a bottle and toss it out to sea. Months later a man fishing discovers it and opts to reach out. 	 ['TV Movie', 'Romance']
The Mummy 	 Dashing legionnaire Rick O'Connell stumbles upon the hidden ruins of Hamunaptra while in the midst of a battle to claim the area in 1920s Egypt. It has been over three thousand years since former High Priest Imhotep suffered a fate worse than death as a punishment for a forbidden love—along with a curse that guarantees eternal doom upon the world if he is ever awoken. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Fantasy']
Gangs of New York 	 It's 1863. America was born in the streets. Amsterdam Vallon returns to the Five Points of America to seek vengeance against the psychotic gangland kingpin Bill the Butcher who murdered his father years earlier. With an eager pickpocket by his side and a whole new army Vallon fights his way to seek vengeance on the Butcher and restore peace in the area. 	 ['Drama', 'History', 'Crime']
Monsters vs Aliens 	 When Susan Murphy is unwittingly clobbered by a meteor full of outer space gunk on her wedding day she mysteriously grows to 49-feet-11-inches. The military jumps into action and captures Susan secreting her away to a covert government compound. She is renamed Ginormica and placed in confinement with a ragtag group of Monsters... 	 ['Animation', 'Family', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction']
Executive Decision 	 Terrorists hijack a 747 inbound to Washington D.C. demanding the the release of their imprisoned leader. Intelligence expert David Grant (Kurt Russell) suspects another reason and he is soon the reluctant member of a special assault team that is assigned to intercept the plane and hijackers. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
Re: Zero kara Hajimeru Isekai Seikatsu - Memory Snow 	 Subaru and friends finally get a moment of peace and Subaru goes on a certain secret mission that he must not let anyone find out about! However even though Subaru is wearing a disguise Petra and other children of the village immediately figure out who he is. Now that his mission was exposed within five seconds of it starting what will happen with Subaru's "date course" with Emilia? 	 ['Animation', 'Adventure']
Dragon Ball Z: Broly – Second Coming 	 The film opens with a Saiyan Space pod flying through space and crash-landing on Earth out of which a wounded Saiyan crawls out: Broly the Legendary Super Saiyan. The wounded Broly shouts out in frustation and turns into normal form. The place soon freezes trapping him in it and he falls into a coma. 	 ['Action', 'Animation']
Avengers: Infinity War 	 As the Avengers and their allies have continued to protect the world from threats too large for any one hero to handle a new danger has emerged from the cosmic shadows: Thanos. A despot of intergalactic infamy his goal is to collect all six Infinity Stones artifacts of unimaginable power and use them to inflict his twisted will on all of reality. Everything the Avengers have fought for has led up to this moment - the fate of Earth and existence itself has never been more uncertain. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Fantasy']
The Strangers: Prey at Night 	 A family’s road trip takes a dangerous turn when they arrive at a secluded mobile home park to stay with some relatives and find it mysteriously deserted. Under the cover of darkness three masked psychopaths pay them a visit to test the family’s every limit as they struggle to survive. 	 ['Horror', 'Thriller']
The Patriot 	 After proving himself on the field of battle in the French and Indian War Benjamin Martin wants nothing more to do with such things preferring the simple life of a farmer. But when his son Gabriel enlists in the army to defend their new nation America against the British Benjamin reluctantly returns to his old life to protect his son. 	 ['Drama', 'History', 'War', 'Action']
Below Her Mouth 	 An unexpected affair quickly escalates into a heart-stopping reality for two women whose passionate connection changes their lives forever. 	 ['Drama', 'Romance']
Rings 	 Julia becomes worried about her boyfriend Holt when he explores the dark urban legend of a mysterious videotape said to kill the watcher seven days after viewing. She sacrifices herself to save her boyfriend and in doing so makes a horrifying discovery: there is a "movie within the movie" that no one has ever seen before. 	 ['Horror']
Memento 	 Leonard Shelby is tracking down the man who raped and murdered his wife. The difficulty of locating his wife's killer however is compounded by the fact that he suffers from a rare untreatable form of short-term memory loss. Although he can recall details of life before his accident Leonard cannot remember what happened fifteen minutes ago where he's going or why. 	 ['Mystery', 'Thriller']
Marley & Me 	 A newly married couple who in the process of starting a family learn many of life's important lessons from their trouble-loving retriever Marley. Packed with plenty of laughs to lighten the load the film explores the highs and lows of marriage maturity and confronting one's own mortality as seen through the lens of family life with a dog. 	 ['Comedy', 'Family']
Ice Age: A Mammoth Christmas 	 When Sid accidentally destroys Manny's heirloom Christmas rock and ends up on Santa's naughty list he leads a hilarious quest to the North Pole to make things right and ends up making things much worse. Now it's up to Manny and his prehistoric posse to band together and save Christmas for the entire world! 	 ['Animation', 'Family', 'TV Movie']
Rocky II 	 After Rocky goes the distance with champ Apollo Creed both try to put the fight behind them and move on. Rocky settles down with Adrian but can't put his life together outside the ring while Creed seeks a rematch to restore his reputation. Soon enough the "Master of Disaster" and the "Italian Stallion" are set on a collision course for a climactic battle that is brutal and unforgettable. 	 ['Drama']
The Green Mile 	 A supernatural tale set on death row in a Southern prison where gentle giant John Coffey possesses the mysterious power to heal people's ailments. When the cell block's head guard Paul Edgecomb recognizes Coffey's miraculous gift he tries desperately to help stave off the condemned man's execution. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Drama', 'Crime']
Casino Royale 	 Le Chiffre a banker to the world's terrorists is scheduled to participate in a high-stakes poker game in Montenegro where he intends to use his winnings to establish his financial grip on the terrorist market. M sends Bond – on his maiden mission as a 00 Agent – to attend this game and prevent Le Chiffre from winning. With the help of Vesper Lynd and Felix Leiter Bond enters the most important poker game in his already dangerous career. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Thriller']
Climax 	 Young dancers gather in a remote and empty school building to rehearse on a cold and wintry night. The all-night celebration soon turns into a hallucinatory nightmare when they learn that their sangria is laced with LSD. 	 ['Drama', 'Music', 'Horror']
Hansel & Gretel: Witch Hunters 	 After getting a taste for blood as children Hansel and Gretel have become the ultimate vigilantes hell-bent on retribution. Now unbeknownst to them Hansel and Gretel have become the hunted and must face an evil far greater than witches... their past. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Horror', 'Action']
Transcendence 	 Two leading computer scientists work toward their goal of Technological Singularity  as a radical anti-technology organization fights to prevent them from creating a world where computers can transcend the abilities of the human brain. 	 ['Thriller', 'Science Fiction', 'Drama', 'Mystery']
American Psycho 	 A wealthy New York investment banking executive hides his alternate psychopathic ego from his co-workers and friends as he escalates deeper into his illogical gratuitous fantasies. 	 ['Thriller', 'Drama', 'Crime']
Brave 	 Brave is set in the mystical Scottish Highlands where Mérida is the princess of a kingdom ruled by King Fergus and Queen Elinor. An unruly daughter and an accomplished archer Mérida one day defies a sacred custom of the land and inadvertently brings turmoil to the kingdom. In an attempt to set things right Mérida seeks out an eccentric old Wise Woman and is granted an ill-fated wish. Also figuring into Mérida’s quest — and serving as comic relief — are the kingdom’s three lords: the enormous Lord MacGuffin the surly Lord Macintosh and the disagreeable Lord Dingwall. 	 ['Animation', 'Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Family', 'Action', 'Fantasy']
Death Wish 	 A mild-mannered father is transformed into a killing machine after his family is torn apart by a violent act. 	 ['Action', 'Crime', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
My Hero Academia: Two Heroes 	 All Might and Deku accept an invitation to go abroad to a floating and mobile manmade city called 'I Island' where they research quirks as well as hero supplemental items at the special 'I Expo' convention that is currently being held on the island. During that time suddenly despite an iron wall of security surrounding the island the system is breached by a villain and the only ones able to stop him are the students of Class 1-A. 	 ['Animation', 'Action', 'Comedy', 'Fantasy', 'Adventure']
AVP: Alien vs. Predator 	 When scientists discover something in the Arctic that appears to be a buried Pyramid they send a research team out to investigate. Little do they know that they are about to step into a hunting ground where Aliens are grown as sport for the Predator race. 	 ['Adventure', 'Science Fiction', 'Action', 'Horror']
Logan 	 In the near future a weary Logan cares for an ailing Professor X in a hideout on the Mexican border. But Logan's attempts to hide from the world and his legacy are upended when a young mutant arrives pursued by dark forces. 	 ['Action', 'Drama', 'Science Fiction']
Saw: The Final Chapter 	 As a deadly battle rages over Jigsaw's brutal legacy a group of Jigsaw survivors gathers to seek the support of self-help guru and fellow survivor Bobby Dagen a man whose own dark secrets unleash a new wave of terror. 	 ['Horror', 'Crime']
Interview with the Vampire 	 A vampire relates his epic life story of love betrayal loneliness and dark hunger to an over-curious reporter. 	 ['Horror', 'Drama', 'Fantasy']
To All the Boys I've Loved Before 	 Lara Jean's love life goes from imaginary to out of control when her secret letters to every boy she's ever fallen for are mysteriously mailed out. 	 ['Comedy', 'Romance']
Avengers: Age of Ultron 	 When Tony Stark tries to jumpstart a dormant peacekeeping program things go awry and Earth’s Mightiest Heroes are put to the ultimate test as the fate of the planet hangs in the balance. As the villainous Ultron emerges it is up to The Avengers to stop him from enacting his terrible plans and soon uneasy alliances and unexpected action pave the way for an epic and unique global adventure. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction']
Journey to the Center of the Earth 	 On a quest to find out what happened to his missing brother a scientist his nephew and their mountain guide discover a fantastic and dangerous lost world in the center of the earth. 	 ['Action', 'Science Fiction', 'Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Family']
Halloween 	 Laurie Strode comes to her final confrontation with Michael Myers the masked figure who has haunted her since she narrowly escaped his killing spree on Halloween night four decades ago. 	 ['Thriller', 'Horror']
The Foreigner 	 Quan is a humble London businessman whose long-buried past erupts in a revenge-fueled vendetta when the only person left for him to love – his teenage daughter – dies in a senseless act of politically-motivated terrorism. His relentless search to find the terrorists leads to a cat-and-mouse conflict with a British government official whose own past may hold the clues to the identities of the elusive killers. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Drama']
Dances with Wolves 	 Wounded Civil War soldier John Dunbar tries to commit suicide—and becomes a hero instead. As a reward he’s assigned to his dream post a remote junction on the Western frontier and soon makes unlikely friends with the local Sioux tribe. 	 ['Adventure', 'Drama', 'Western']
Pacific Rim 	 When legions of monstrous creatures known as Kaiju started rising from the sea a war began that would take millions of lives and consume humanity's resources for years on end. To combat the giant Kaiju a special type of weapon was devised: massive robots called Jaegers which are controlled simultaneously by two pilots whose minds are locked in a neural bridge. But even the Jaegers are proving nearly defenseless in the face of the relentless Kaiju. On the verge of defeat the forces defending mankind have no choice but to turn to two unlikely heroes—a washed-up former pilot (Charlie Hunnam) and an untested trainee (Rinko Kikuchi)—who are teamed to drive a legendary but seemingly obsolete Jaeger from the past. Together they stand as mankind's last hope against the mounting apocalypse. 	 ['Action', 'Science Fiction', 'Adventure']
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull 	 Set during the Cold War the Soviets – led by sword-wielding Irina Spalko – are in search of a crystal skull which has supernatural powers related to a mystical Lost City of Gold. After being captured and then escaping from them Indy is coerced to head to Peru at the behest of a young man whose friend – and Indy's colleague – Professor Oxley has been captured for his knowledge of the skull's whereabouts. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action']
Malena 	 On the day in 1940 that Italy enters the war two things happen to the 12-year-old Renato: he gets his first bike and he gets his first look at Malèna. She is a beautiful silent outsider who's moved to this Sicilian town to be with her husband Nico. He promptly goes off to war leaving her to the lustful eyes of the men and the sharp tongues of the women. During the next few years as Renato grows toward manhood he watches Malèna suffer and prove her mettle. He sees her loneliness then grief when Nico is reported dead the effects of slander on her relationship with her father her poverty and search for work and final humiliations. Will Renato learn courage from Malèna and stand up for her? 	 ['Drama']
The Idiots 	 With his first Dogma-95 film director Lars von Trier opens up a completely new film platform. With a mix of home-video and documentary styles the film tells the story of a group of young people who have decided to get to know their “inner-idiots” and thus not only facing and breaking their outer appearance but also their inner. 	 ['Drama', 'Comedy']
The Interview 	 Dave Skylark and his producer Aaron Rapaport run the celebrity tabloid show "Skylark Tonight". When they land an interview with a surprise fan North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un they are recruited by the CIA to turn their trip to Pyongyang into an assassination mission. 	 ['Action', 'Comedy']
I Am Wrath 	 A man is out for justice after a group of corrupt police officers are unable to catch his wife's killer. 	 ['Action', 'Crime', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
Lincoln 	 A revealing drama that focuses on the 16th President's tumultuous final months in office. In a nation divided by war and the strong winds of change Lincoln pursues a course of action designed to end the war unite the country and abolish slavery. With the moral courage and fierce determination to succeed his choices during this critical moment will change the fate of generations to come. 	 ['History', 'Drama']
Slumdog Millionaire 	 Jamal Malik is an impoverished Indian teen who becomes a contestant on the Hindi version of ‘Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?’ but after he wins he is suspected of cheating. 	 ['Drama', 'Romance']
Life of Pi 	 The story of an Indian boy named Pi a zookeeper's son who finds himself in the company of a hyena zebra orangutan and a Bengal tiger after a shipwreck sets them adrift in the Pacific Ocean. 	 ['Adventure', 'Drama', 'Action']
The Sixth Sense 	 A psychological thriller about an eight year old boy named Cole Sear who believes he can see into the world of the dead. A child psychologist named Malcolm Crowe comes to Cole to help him deal with his problem learning that he really can see ghosts of dead people. 	 ['Mystery', 'Thriller', 'Drama']
How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World 	 As Hiccup fulfills his dream of creating a peaceful dragon utopia Toothless’ discovery of an untamed elusive mate draws the Night Fury away. When danger mounts at home and Hiccup’s reign as village chief is tested both dragon and rider must make impossible decisions to save their kind. 	 ['Animation', 'Family', 'Adventure']
Iron Man 3 	 When Tony Stark's world is torn apart by a formidable terrorist called the Mandarin he starts an odyssey of rebuilding and retribution. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction']
Inglourious Basterds 	 In Nazi-occupied France during World War II a group of Jewish-American soldiers known as "The Basterds" are chosen specifically to spread fear throughout the Third Reich by scalping and brutally killing Nazis. The Basterds lead by Lt. Aldo Raine soon cross paths with a French-Jewish teenage girl who runs a movie theater in Paris which is targeted by the soldiers. 	 ['Drama', 'Action', 'Thriller', 'War']
From Russia with Love 	 Agent 007 is back in the second installment of the James Bond series this time battling a secret crime organization known as SPECTRE. Russians Rosa Klebb and Kronsteen are out to snatch a decoding device known as the Lektor using the ravishing Tatiana to lure Bond into helping them. Bond willingly travels to meet Tatiana in Istanbul where he must rely on his wits to escape with his life in a series of deadly encounters with the enemy 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Adventure']
Quantum of Solace 	 Quantum of Solace continues the adventures of James Bond after Casino Royale. Betrayed by Vesper the woman he loved 007 fights the urge to make his latest mission personal. Pursuing his determination to uncover the truth Bond and M interrogate Mr. White who reveals that the organization that blackmailed Vesper is far more complex and dangerous than anyone had imagined. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Thriller', 'Crime']
Ghostbusters 	 Following a ghost invasion of Manhattan paranormal enthusiasts Erin Gilbert and Abby Yates nuclear engineer Jillian Holtzmann and subway worker Patty Tolan band together to stop the otherworldly threat. 	 ['Action', 'Fantasy', 'Comedy']
Live Free or Die Hard 	 John McClane is back and badder than ever and this time he's working for Homeland Security. He calls on the services of a young hacker in his bid to stop a ring of Internet terrorists intent on taking control of America's computer infrastructure. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller']
Lucky Number Slevin 	 Slevin is mistakenly put in the middle of a personal war between the city’s biggest criminal bosses. Under constant watch Slevin must try not to get killed by an infamous assassin and come up with an idea of how to get out of his current dilemma. A film with many twists and turns. 	 ['Drama', 'Thriller', 'Crime', 'Mystery']
Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery 	 As a swingin' fashion photographer by day and a groovy British superagent by night Austin Powers is the '60s' most shagadelic spy baby! But can he stop megalomaniac Dr. Evil after the bald villain freezes himself and unthaws in the '90s? With the help of sexy sidekick Vanessa Kensington he just might. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Comedy', 'Crime']
Crank 	 Professional assassin Chev Chelios learns his rival has injected him with a poison that will kill him if his heart rate drops. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Crime']
Pitch Perfect 2 	 The Bellas are back and they are better than ever. After being humiliated in front of none other than the President of the United States of America the Bellas are taken out of the Aca-Circuit. In order to clear their name and regain their status the Bellas take on a seemingly impossible task: winning an international competition no American team has ever won. In order to accomplish this monumental task they need to strengthen the bonds of friendship and sisterhood and blow away the competition with their amazing aca-magic! With all new friends and old rivals tagging along for the trip the Bellas can hopefully accomplish their dreams. 	 ['Comedy', 'Music']
City of God 	 Cidade de Deus is a shantytown that started during the 1960s and became one of Rio de Janeiro’s most dangerous places in the beginning of the 1980s. To tell the story of this place the movie describes the life of various characters all seen by the point of view of the narrator Buscapé. Buscapé was raised in a very violent environment. Despite the feeling that all odds were against him he finds out that life can be seen with other eyes... 	 ['Drama', 'Crime']
District 9 	 Thirty years ago aliens arrive on Earth. Not to conquer or give aid but to find refuge from their dying planet. Separated from humans in a South African area called District 9 the aliens are managed by Multi-National United which is unconcerned with the aliens' welfare but will do anything to master their advanced technology. When a company field agent contracts a mysterious virus that begins to alter his DNA there is only one place he can hide: District 9. 	 ['Science Fiction']
Real Steel 	 Charlie Kenton is a washed-up fighter who retired from the ring when robots took over the sport. After his robot is trashed he reluctantly teams up with his estranged son to rebuild and train an unlikely contender. 	 ['Action', 'Science Fiction', 'Drama']
Stargate 	 An interstellar teleportation device found in Egypt leads to a planet with humans resembling ancient Egyptians who worship the god Ra. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction']
Cars 	 Lightning McQueen a hotshot rookie race car driven to succeed discovers that life is about the journey not the finish line when he finds himself unexpectedly detoured in the sleepy Route 66 town of Radiator Springs. On route across the country to the big Piston Cup Championship in California to compete against two seasoned pros McQueen gets to know the town's offbeat characters. 	 ['Animation', 'Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Family']
Her 	 In the not so distant future Theodore a lonely writer purchases a newly developed operating system designed to meet the user's every needs. To Theodore's surprise a romantic relationship develops between him and his operating system. This unconventional love story blends science fiction and romance in a sweet tale that explores the nature of love and the ways that technology isolates and connects us all. 	 ['Romance', 'Science Fiction', 'Drama']
Cars 2 	 Star race car Lightning McQueen and his pal Mater head overseas to compete in the World Grand Prix race. But the road to the championship becomes rocky as Mater gets caught up in an intriguing adventure of his own: international espionage. 	 ['Animation', 'Family', 'Adventure', 'Comedy']
Goldfinger 	 Special agent 007 comes face to face with one of the most notorious villains of all time and now he must outwit and outgun the powerful tycoon to prevent him from cashing in on a devious scheme to raid Fort Knox -- and obliterate the world's economy. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Thriller']
Lucy 	 A woman accidentally caught in a dark deal turns the tables on her captors and transforms into a merciless warrior evolved beyond human logic. 	 ['Action', 'Science Fiction']
The Amityville Horror 	 A family is terrorized by demonic forces after moving into a home that was the site of a grisly mass-murder. 	 ['Horror']
Maquia: When the Promised Flower Blooms 	 A story of encounters and partings interwoven between people; this is a human drama with feelings that touch one's heart gradually which everyone has experienced at least once. 	 ['Animation', 'Drama', 'Fantasy']
Triple Threat 	 A crime syndicate places a hit on a billionaire's daughter making her the target of an elite assassin squad. A small band of down-and-out mercenaries protects her fighting tooth and nail to stop the assassins from reaching their target. 	 ['Thriller', 'Action', 'Crime']
Apocalypto 	 Set in the Mayan civilization when a man's idyllic presence is brutally disrupted by a violent invading force he is taken on a perilous journey to a world ruled by fear and oppression where a harrowing end awaits him. Through a twist of fate and spurred by the power of his love for his woman and his family he will make a desperate break to return home and to ultimately save his way of life. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
The Exorcism of Emily Rose 	 When a younger girl called Emily Rose dies everyone puts blame on the exorcism which was performed on her by Father Moore prior to her death. The priest is arrested on suspicion of murder. The trial begins with lawyer Erin Bruner representing Moore but it is not going to be easy as no one wants to believe what Father Moore says is true. 	 ['Crime', 'Drama', 'Horror', 'Thriller']
Thor 	 Against his father Odin's will The Mighty Thor - a powerful but arrogant warrior god - recklessly reignites an ancient war. Thor is cast down to Earth and forced to live among humans as punishment. Once here Thor learns what it takes to be a true hero when the most dangerous villain of his world sends the darkest forces of Asgard to invade Earth. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Action']
Transporter 3 	 Frank Martin puts the driving gloves on to deliver Valentina the kidnapped daughter of a Ukranian government official from Marseilles to Odessa on the Black Sea. En route he has to contend with thugs who want to intercept Valentina's safe delivery and not let his personal feelings get in the way of his dangerous objective. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Thriller', 'Crime']
Nakee 2 	 A new detective was sent to investigate unusual events in a rural village in the north-east of Thailand which was believed to be involved with the mythical giant snake called Nakee. 	 ['Drama', 'Fantasy', 'Romance']
Hot Fuzz 	 As a former London constable Nicholas Angel finds it difficult to adapt to his new assignment in the sleepy British village of Sandford. Not only does he miss the excitement of the big city but he also has a well-meaning oaf for a partner. However when a series of grisly accidents rocks Sandford Angel smells something rotten in the idyllic village. 	 ['Crime', 'Action', 'Comedy']
Ghost in the Shell 	 In the near future Major is the first of her kind: a human saved from a terrible crash then cyber-enhanced to be a perfect soldier devoted to stopping the world's most dangerous criminals. 	 ['Action', 'Science Fiction', 'Thriller', 'Drama']
Black Water 	 A deep cover operative awakens to find himself imprisoned on a submarine. With the help of a fellow prisoner and an amateur agent he must race against the clock to escape the vessel and expose who set him up. 	 ['Action']
Transporter 2 	 Professional driver Frank Martin is living in Miami where he is temporarily filling in for a friend as the chauffeur for a government narcotics control policymaker and his family. The young boy in the family is targeted for kidnapping and Frank immediately becomes involved in protecting the child and exposing the kidnappers. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Crime']
Police Academy 4: Citizens on Patrol 	 A new batch of recruits arrives at Police Academy this time a group of civilian volunteers who have joined Commandant Lassard's new Citizens on Patrol program. Although the community relations project has strong governmental support a disgusted Captain Harris is determined to see it fail. 	 ['Comedy', 'Crime']
I 	 Competitive ice skater Tonya Harding rises amongst the ranks at the U. S. Figure Skating Championships but her future in the sport is thrown into doubt when her ex-husband intervenes. 	 ['Drama']
Red Cliff 	 The battle of Red Cliff continues and the alliance between Xu and East Wu is fracturing.  With Cao Cao's massive forces on their doorstep will the kingdoms of Xu and East Wu survive? 	 ['Action', 'Drama', 'History', 'War']
The Time Machine 	 Hoping to alter the events of the past a 19th century inventor instead travels 800000 years into the future where he finds mankind divided into two warring races. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Adventure', 'Action']
The Nightmare Before Christmas 	 Tired of scaring humans every October 31 with the same old bag of tricks Jack Skellington the spindly king of Halloween Town kidnaps Santa Claus and plans to deliver shrunken heads and other ghoulish gifts to children on Christmas morning. But as Christmas approaches Jack's rag-doll girlfriend Sally tries to foil his misguided plans. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Animation', 'Family']
The Drop 	 Bob Saginowski finds himself at the center of a robbery gone awry and entwined in an investigation that digs deep into the neighborhood's past where friends families and foes all work together to make a living - no matter the cost. 	 ['Drama', 'Crime']
Alexander 	 Alexander the King of Macedonia leads his legions against the giant Persian Empire. After defeating the Persians he leads his army across the then known world venturing farther than any westerner had ever gone all the way to India. 	 ['War', 'History', 'Action', 'Adventure', 'Drama', 'Romance']
Everest 	 Inspired by the incredible events surrounding a treacherous attempt to reach the summit of the world's highest mountain "Everest" documents the awe-inspiring journey of two different expeditions challenged beyond their limits by one of the fiercest snowstorms ever encountered by mankind. Their mettle tested by the harshest of elements found on the planet the climbers will face nearly impossible obstacles as a lifelong obsession becomes a breathtaking struggle for survival. 	 ['Adventure', 'Drama']
Cinderella 	 When her father unexpectedly passes away young Ella finds herself at the mercy of her cruel stepmother and her daughters. Never one to give up hope Ella's fortunes begin to change after meeting a dashing stranger in the woods. 	 ['Romance', 'Fantasy', 'Family', 'Drama']
Step Up 	 Everyone deserves a chance to follow their dreams but some people only get one shot. Tyler Gage is a rebel from the wrong side of Baltimore's tracks and the only thing that stands between him and an unfulfilled life are his dreams of one day making it out of there. Nora is a privileged ballet dancer attending Baltimore's ultra-elite Maryland School of the Arts 	 ['Music', 'Drama', 'Romance', 'Crime']
Escape Room 	 Six strangers find themselves in circumstances beyond their control and must use their wits to survive. 	 ['Thriller']
Lawless 	 Set in the Depression-era Franklin County Virginia a bootlegging gang is threatened by authorities who want a cut of their profits. 	 ['Crime', 'Drama']
Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald 	 Gellert Grindelwald has escaped imprisonment and has begun gathering followers to his cause—elevating wizards above all non-magical beings. The only one capable of putting a stop to him is the wizard he once called his closest friend Albus Dumbledore. However Dumbledore will need to seek help from the wizard who had thwarted Grindelwald once before his former student Newt Scamander who agrees to help unaware of the dangers that lie ahead. Lines are drawn as love and loyalty are tested even among the truest friends and family in an increasingly divided wizarding world. 	 ['Family', 'Fantasy', 'Adventure']
Love of My Life 	 What if you had only five days to figure out... everything. 	 ['Drama', 'Comedy']
The Meg 	 A deep sea submersible pilot revisits his past fears in the Mariana Trench and accidentally unleashes the seventy foot ancestor of the Great White Shark believed to be extinct. 	 ['Action', 'Science Fiction', 'Thriller', 'Horror']
The Fault in Our Stars 	 Despite the tumor-shrinking medical miracle that has bought her a few years Hazel has never been anything but terminal her final chapter inscribed upon diagnosis. But when a patient named Augustus Waters suddenly appears at Cancer Kid Support Group Hazel's story is about to be completely rewritten. 	 ['Romance', 'Drama']
Star Trek 	 The fate of the galaxy rests in the hands of bitter rivals. One James Kirk is a delinquent thrill-seeking Iowa farm boy. The other Spock a Vulcan was raised in a logic-based society that rejects all emotion. As fiery instinct clashes with calm reason their unlikely but powerful partnership is the only thing capable of leading their crew through unimaginable danger boldly going where no one has gone before. The human adventure has begun again. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Action', 'Adventure']
The Girl Next Door 	 Exceptionally ambitious high schooler Matthew has aspirations for a career in politics when he falls in love with his gorgeous 19-year-old neighbor Danielle. But Matthew's bright future is jeopardized when he finds Danielle was once a porn star. As Danielle's past catches up with her Matthew's love for her forces him to re-evaluate his goals. 	 ['Comedy', 'Romance']
The Fifth Element 	 In 2257 a taxi driver is unintentionally given the task of saving a young girl who is part of the key that will ensure the survival of humanity. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Action', 'Thriller', 'Science Fiction']
River of No Return 	 The itinerant farmer and his young son help a heart-of-gold saloon singer search for her estranged husband 	 ['Adventure', 'Western']
Inception 	 Cobb a skilled thief who commits corporate espionage by infiltrating the subconscious of his targets is offered a chance to regain his old life as payment for a task considered to be impossible: "inception" the implantation of another person's idea into a target's subconscious. 	 ['Action', 'Science Fiction', 'Adventure']
Olympus Has Fallen 	 When the White House (Secret Service Code: "Olympus") is captured by a terrorist mastermind and the President is kidnapped disgraced former Presidential guard Mike Banning finds himself trapped within the building. As the national security team scrambles to respond they are forced to rely on Banning's inside knowledge to help retake the White House save the President and avert an even bigger disaster. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller']
Lo dejo cuando quiera 	  	 ['Comedy']
Adventureland 	 In the summer of 1987 a college graduate takes a 'nowhere' job at his local amusement park only to find it's the perfect course to get him prepared for the real world. 	 ['Comedy']
It 	 In a small town in Maine seven children known as The Losers Club come face to face with life problems bullies and a monster that takes the shape of a clown called Pennywise. 	 ['Horror', 'Thriller']
Coco 	 Despite his family’s baffling generations-old ban on music Miguel dreams of becoming an accomplished musician like his idol Ernesto de la Cruz. Desperate to prove his talent Miguel finds himself in the stunning and colorful Land of the Dead following a mysterious chain of events. Along the way he meets charming trickster Hector and together they set off on an extraordinary journey to unlock the real story behind Miguel's family history. 	 ['Animation', 'Family', 'Comedy', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy']
Kubo and the Two Strings 	 Kubo mesmerizes the people in his village with his magical gift for spinning wild tales with origami. When he accidentally summons an evil spirit seeking vengeance Kubo is forced to go on a quest to solve the mystery of his fallen samurai father and his mystical weaponry as well as discover his own magical powers. 	 ['Animation', 'Adventure', 'Family']
Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom 	 After arriving in India Indiana Jones is asked by a desperate village to find a mystical stone. He agrees – and stumbles upon a secret cult plotting a terrible plan in the catacombs of an ancient palace. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action']
Cube 	 Seven strangers are taken out of their daily lives and placed mysteriously in a deadly cube where they all agree they must find their way out. 	 ['Thriller', 'Science Fiction', 'Mystery']
DragonHeart 	 In an ancient time when majestic fire-breathers soared through the skies a knight named Bowen comes face to face and heart to heart with the last dragon on Earth Draco. Taking up arms to suppress a tyrant king Bowen soon realizes his task will be harder than he'd imagined: If he kills the king Draco will die as well. 	 ['Fantasy']
Seven Samurai 	 A samurai answers a village's request for protection after he falls on hard times. The town needs protection from bandits so the samurai gathers six others to help him teach the people how to defend themselves and the villagers provide the soldiers with food. A giant battle occurs when 40 bandits attack the village. 	 ['Action', 'Drama']
Barbie and the Diamond Castle 	 Liana and Alexa (Barbie and Teresa) are best friends who share everything including their love of singing. One day while walking through the forest home from the village the girls meet an old beggar who gives them a magical mirror. As they clean the mirror and sing a musical apprentice muse named Melody appears in the mirror's surface and tells the girls about the secret of the Diamond Castle. 	 ['Animation', 'Family']
Last Action Hero 	 Danny is obsessed with a fictional movie character action hero Jack Slater. When a magical ticket transports him into Jack's latest adventure Danny finds himself in a world where movie magic and reality collide. Now it's up to Danny to save the life of his hero and new friend. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Action', 'Comedy', 'Family']
Galaxy Quest 	 The stars of a 1970s sci-fi show - now scraping a living through re-runs and sci-fi conventions - are beamed aboard an alien spacecraft. Believing the cast's heroic on-screen dramas are historical documents of real-life adventures the band of aliens turn to the ailing celebrities for help in their quest to overcome the oppressive regime in their solar system. 	 ['Comedy', 'Family', 'Science Fiction']
The Bourne Identity 	 Wounded to the brink of death and suffering from amnesia Jason Bourne is rescued at sea by a fisherman. With nothing to go on but a Swiss bank account number he starts to reconstruct his life but finds that many people he encounters want him dead. However Bourne realizes that he has the combat and mental skills of a world-class spy—but who does he work for? 	 ['Action', 'Drama', 'Mystery', 'Thriller']
The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part 	 It's been five years since everything was awesome and the citizens are facing a huge new threat: LEGO DUPLO® invaders from outer space wrecking everything faster than they can rebuild. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Animation', 'Comedy', 'Family', 'Science Fiction', 'Fantasy']
Jack Reacher 	 When a gunman takes five lives with six shots all evidence points to the suspect in custody. On interrogation the suspect offers up a single note: "Get Jack Reacher!" So begins an extraordinary chase for the truth pitting Jack Reacher against an unexpected enemy with a skill for violence and a secret to keep. 	 ['Crime', 'Drama', 'Thriller', 'Action']
SuperFly 	 Career criminal Youngblood Priest wants out of the Atlanta drug scene but as he ramps up sales one little slip up threatens to bring the whole operation down before he can make his exit. 	 ['Action', 'Crime']
The Hard Way 	 After learning of his brother's death during a mission in Romania a former soldier joins two allies to hunt down a mysterious enemy and take his revenge. 	 ['Action']
Wrong Turn 5: Bloodlines 	 A small West Virginia town is hosting the legendary Mountain Man Festival on Halloween where throngs of costumed party goers gather for a wild night of music and mischief. But an inbred family of hillbilly cannibals kill the fun when they trick and treat themselves to a group of visiting college students. 	 ['Horror', 'Thriller']
Event Horizon 	 In 2047 a group of astronauts are sent to investigate and salvage the starship 'Event Horizon' which disappeared mysteriously 7 years before on its maiden voyage. With the its return the crew of the 'Lewis and Clark' discovers the real truth behind the disappearance of the 'Event Horizon' – and something even more terrifying. 	 ['Horror', 'Science Fiction', 'Mystery']
Cloverfield 	 Five young New Yorkers throw their friend a going-away party the night that a monster the size of a skyscraper descends upon the city. Told from the point of view of their video camera the film is a document of their attempt to survive the most surreal horrifying event of their lives. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Science Fiction']
Underworld: Awakening 	 Having escaped years of imprisonment vampire warrioress Selene finds herself in a changed world where humans have discovered the existence of both Vampire and Lycan clans and are conducting an all-out war to eradicate both immortal species. Now Selene must battle the humans and a frightening new breed of super Lycans to ensure the death dealers' survival. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Action', 'Horror']
Mad Max 	 In a self-destructing world a vengeful Australian policeman sets out to stop a violent motorcycle gang. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Thriller', 'Science Fiction']
Enemy at the Gates 	 A Russian and a German sniper play a game of cat-and-mouse during the Battle of Stalingrad. 	 ['War', 'History', 'Romance', 'Drama', 'Action']
A Fistful of Dollars 	 The Man With No Name enters the Mexican village of San Miguel in the midst of a power struggle among the three Rojo brothers and sheriff John Baxter. When a regiment of Mexican soldiers bearing gold intended to pay for new weapons is waylaid by the Rojo brothers the stranger inserts himself into the middle of the long-simmering battle selling false information to both sides for his own benefit. 	 ['Western']
Neighbors 	 A couple with a newborn baby face unexpected difficulties after they are forced to live next to a fraternity house. 	 ['Comedy']
Miss Potter 	 The story of Beatrix Potter the author of the beloved and best-selling children's book 'The Tale of Peter Rabbit' and her struggle for love happiness and success. 	 ['Drama', 'Family', 'Romance']
George of the Jungle 	 After Baby George survives a plane crash in the jungle he is rescued and then adopted by a wise ape. Years later grown-up George saves a US noble woman Ursula Stanhope while she is on a safari—and takes her to the jungle to live with him. While Ursula's lover continues his search for Ursula and the one who took her George slowly learns the rules of human relationships. 	 ['Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Family', 'Romance']
Superman Returns 	 Superman returns to discover his 5-year absence has allowed Lex Luthor to walk free and that those he was closest to felt abandoned and have moved on. Luthor plots his ultimate revenge that could see millions killed and change the face of the planet forever as well as ridding himself of the Man of Steel. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Action', 'Science Fiction']
RoboCop 3 	 The mega corporation Omni Consumer Products is still bent on creating their pet project Delta City to replace the rotting city of Detroit. Unfortunately the inhabitants of the area have no intention of abandoning their homes simply for desires of the company. To this end OCP have decided to force them to leave by employing a ruthless mercenary army to attack and harass them. An underground resistance begins and in this fight Robocop must decide where his loyalties lie. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Crime', 'Science Fiction', 'Thriller']
Free Solo 	 Follow Alex Honnold as he attempts to become the first person to ever free solo climb Yosemite's 3000 foot high El Capitan wall. With no ropes or safety gear this would arguably be the greatest feat in rock climbing history. 	 ['Documentary']
Solo: A Star Wars Story 	 Through a series of daring escapades deep within a dark and dangerous criminal underworld Han Solo meets his mighty future copilot Chewbacca and encounters the notorious gambler Lando Calrissian. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction']
Hitch 	 Dating coach Alex 'Hitch' Hitchens mentors a bumbling client Albert who hopes to win the heart of the glamorous Allegra Cole. While Albert makes progress Hitch faces his own romantic setbacks when proven techniques fail to work on Sara Melas a tabloid reporter digging for dirt on Allegra Cole's love life. When Sara discovers Hitch's connection to Albert – now Allegra's boyfriend – it threatens to destroy both relationships. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama', 'Romance']
Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End 	 Captain Barbossa long believed to be dead has come back to life and is headed to the edge of the Earth with Will Turner and Elizabeth Swann. But nothing is quite as it seems. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Action']
Noah 	 A man who suffers visions of an apocalyptic deluge takes measures to protect his family from the coming flood. 	 ['Drama', 'Adventure']
Never Back Down 	 Rebellious Jake Tyler is lured into an ultimate underground fight Scene at his new high school after receiving threats to the safety of his friends and family Jake decides to seek the mentoring of a veteran fighter who trains him for one final no-holds-barred elimination fight with his nemesis and local martial arts champion Ryan McCarthy. 	 ['Drama', 'Action']
Enemy of the State 	 A hotshot Washington criminal lawyer becomes the target of a rogue security executive videotaped in the act of murdering a congressman when the incriminating tape is surreptitiously slipped into his shopping bag by the videographer who is fleeing the executive's assassins. 	 ['Action', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
Self/less 	 An extremely wealthy elderly man dying from cancer undergoes a radical medical procedure that transfers his consciousness to the body of a healthy young man but everything may not be as good as it seems when he starts to uncover the mystery of the body's origins and the secret organization that will kill to keep its secrets. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Mystery', 'Thriller']
How About Adolf? 	 The family dinner at Stephan and Elisabeth could have been wonderful. But when Thomas announces that he and his pregnant girlfriend Anna are going to call their son Adolf the hosts and the family friend René are stuck in the throat. 	 ['Comedy']
Ice Princess 	 With the help of her coach her parents and the boy who drives the Zamboni machine nothing can stop Casey from realizing her dream to be a champion figure skater. 	 ['Drama', 'Comedy', 'Family']
Rocky V 	 A lifetime of taking shots has ended Rocky’s career and a crooked accountant has left him broke. Inspired by the memory of his trainer however Rocky finds glory in training and takes on an up-and-coming boxer. 	 ['Drama']
On the Basis of Sex 	 Young lawyer Ruth Bader Ginsburg teams with her husband Marty to bring a groundbreaking case before the U.S. Court of Appeals and overturn a century of sex discrimination. 	 ['Drama', 'History']
Salò 	 Four corrupted fascist libertines round up 9 teenage boys and girls and subject them to 120 days of sadistic physical mental and sexual torture. 	 ['History', 'War', 'Drama', 'Horror', 'Crime']
Trainspotting 	 Mark Renton deeply immersed in the Edinburgh drug scene tries to clean up and get out despite the allure of the drugs and influence of friends. 	 ['Drama', 'Crime']
The Last Emperor 	 A dramatic history of Pu Yi the last of the Emperors of China from his lofty birth and brief reign in the Forbidden City the object of worship by half a billion people; through his abdication his decline and dissolute lifestyle; his exploitation by the invading Japanese and finally to his obscure existence as just another peasant worker in the People's Republic. 	 ['Drama', 'History']
DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story 	 When megalomaniacal White Goodman the owner of a trendy high-end fitness center makes a move to take over the struggling local gym run by happy-go-lucky Pete La Fleur there's only one way for La Fleur to fight back: dodgeball. Aided by a dodgeball guru and Goodman's attorney La Fleur and his rag-tag team of underdogs launch a knock-down drag-out battle in which the winner takes all. 	 ['Comedy']
Lost Highway 	 A tormented jazz musician finds himself lost in an enigmatic story involving murder surveillance gangsters doppelgangers and an impossible transformation inside a prison cell. 	 ['Drama', 'Thriller', 'Mystery']
Undisputed III: Redemption 	 Russian inmate Boyka now severely hobbled by the knee injury suffered at the end of Undisputed 2. No longer the feared prison fighter he was he has declined so far that he is now good only for cleaning toilets. But when a new prison fight tournament begins - an international affair matching the best fighters from prisons around the globe enticing them with the promise of freedom for the winner - Boyka must reclaim his dignity and fight for his position in the tournament. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller']
Arthur 3: The War of the Two Worlds 	 Maltazard the Evil M is now 7 feet tall and evolving among the humans causing terror wherever he goes. His goal is simple: forming an army of giant henchmen and ruling over the universe. Meanwhile Arthur is still a Minimoy and thus in a state where he's unable to fend him off. With the help of Selenia and Betameche he hatches a plan to regain his usual size: all they must do is infiltrate Arthur's house through the pipeworks catch an electric train from his bedroom to his grandfather's study and find an elixir that will make him grow back to his human size. Sounds simple enough if it weren't for Darkos Maltazard's own son hot on their tails. 	 ['Animation', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Family']
Sing 	 A koala named Buster recruits his best friend to help him drum up business for his theater by hosting a singing competition. 	 ['Animation', 'Comedy', 'Drama', 'Family', 'Music']
Zack and Miri Make a Porno 	 Lifelong platonic friends Zack and Miri look to solve their respective cash-flow problems by making an adult film together. As the cameras roll however the duo begin to sense that they may have more feelings for each other than they previously thought. 	 ['Comedy']
Private Lessons 	 Phillip Filmore is a naive 15-year-old preoccupied with sex who develops a crush on Nicole Mallow the new 30-something French housekeeper and sitter to look after him when Phillip's father is out of town for the summer on a "business" trip. But Mr. Filmore's unscrupulous chauffeur Lester Lewis takes advantage of Phillip's crush on Nicole to hire her to seduce the youth then draws her into a plot to fake her own death in a blackmail scheme aimed to drain Phillip's trust fund. 	 ['Comedy', 'Romance']
As Good as It Gets 	 New York City. Melvin Udall a cranky bigoted obsessive-compulsive writer finds his life turned upside down when neighboring gay artist Simon is hospitalized and his dog is entrusted to Melvin. In addition Carol the only waitress who will tolerate him must leave work to care for her sick son making it impossible for Melvin to eat breakfast. 	 ['Comedy', 'Romance']
Wonder 	 The story of August Pullman – a boy with facial differences – who enters fifth grade attending a mainstream elementary school for the first time. 	 ['Drama', 'Family']
Bruce Almighty 	 Bruce Nolan toils as a 'human interest' television reporter in Buffalo N.Y. but despite his high ratings and the love of his beautiful girlfriend Bruce remains unfulfilled. At the end of the worst day in his life he angrily ridicules God—and the Almighty responds endowing Bruce with all of His divine powers. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Comedy']
The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies 	 Immediately after the events of The Desolation of Smaug Bilbo and the dwarves try to defend Erebor's mountain of treasure from others who claim it: the men of the ruined Laketown and the elves of Mirkwood. Meanwhile an army of Orcs led by Azog the Defiler is marching on Erebor fueled by the rise of the dark lord Sauron. Dwarves elves and men must unite and the hope for Middle-Earth falls into Bilbo's hands. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy']
Wreck-It Ralph 	 Wreck-It Ralph is the 9-foot-tall 643-pound villain of an arcade video game named Fix-It Felix Jr. in which the game's titular hero fixes buildings that Ralph destroys. Wanting to prove he can be a good guy and not just a villain Ralph escapes his game and lands in Hero's Duty a first-person shooter where he helps the game's hero battle against alien invaders. He later enters Sugar Rush a kart racing game set on tracks made of candies cookies and other sweets. There Ralph meets Vanellope von Schweetz who has learned that her game is faced with a dire threat that could affect the entire arcade and one that Ralph may have inadvertently started. 	 ['Family', 'Animation', 'Comedy', 'Adventure']
Forrest Gump 	 A man with a low IQ has accomplished great things in his life and been present during significant historic events—in each case far exceeding what anyone imagined he could do. But despite all he has achieved his one true love eludes him. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama', 'Romance']
The Invisible Guest 	 "The Invisible Guest” turns on a young businessman who wakes up in a hotel room locked from the inside with the dead body of his lover next to him. He hires a prestigious lawyer and over one night they work together to clarify what happened in a frenetic race against time. 	 ['Mystery', 'Crime', 'Thriller']
Batman Begins 	 Driven by tragedy billionaire Bruce Wayne dedicates his life to uncovering and defeating the corruption that plagues his home Gotham City.  Unable to work within the system he instead creates a new identity a symbol of fear for the criminal underworld - The Batman. 	 ['Action', 'Crime', 'Drama']
Hook 	 The boy who wasn't supposed to grow up—Peter Pan—did just that becoming a soulless corporate lawyer whose workaholism could cost him his wife and kids. But a trip to see Granny Wendy in London where the vengeful Capt. Hook kidnaps Peter's kids and forces Peter to return to Neverland could lead to a chance at redemption in this family-oriented fantasy from director Steven Spielberg. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Comedy', 'Family']
The Passion of the Christ 	 "The Passion of the Christ" is a film about the last 12 hours in the life of Jesus. Director Mel Gibson received much criticism from critics and audiences for his explicit depiction of and focus on violence and on Christ's suffering especially on the part of the Jewish community. The film's languages are Arabic Latin and Hebrew and it's actors are laymen which was controversially received as well. 	 ['Drama']
Eraser 	 U.S. Marshall John Kruger erases the identities of people enrolled in the Witness Protection Program. His current assignment is to protect Lee Cullen who's uncovered evidence that the weapons manufacturer she works for has been selling to terrorist groups. When Kruger discovers that there's a corrupt agent within the program he must guard his own life while trying to protect Lee's. 	 ['Action', 'Drama', 'Mystery', 'Thriller']
National Treasure 	 Modern treasure hunters led by archaeologist Ben Gates search for a chest of riches rumored to have been stashed away by George Washington Thomas Jefferson and Benjamin Franklin during the Revolutionary War. The chest's whereabouts may lie in secret clues embedded in the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence and Gates is in a race to find the gold before his enemies do. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Thriller', 'Mystery']
Manchester by the Sea 	 After his older brother passes away Lee Chandler is forced to return home to care for his 16-year-old nephew. There he is compelled to deal with a tragic past that separated him from his family and the community where he was born and raised. 	 ['Drama']
A Nightmare on Elm Street 	 Teenagers in a small town are dropping like flies apparently in the grip of mass hysteria causing their suicides. A cop's daughter Nancy Thompson (Heather Langenkamp) traces the cause to child molester Fred Krueger (Robert Englund) who was burned alive by angry parents many years before. Krueger has now come back in the dreams of his killers' children claiming their lives as his revenge. Nancy and her boyfriend Glen (Johnny Depp) must devise a plan to lure the monster out of the realm of nightmares and into the real world... 	 ['Horror']
Dumbo 	 A young elephant whose oversized ears enable him to fly helps save a struggling circus but when the circus plans a new venture Dumbo and his friends discover dark secrets beneath its shiny veneer. 	 ['Adventure', 'Family', 'Fantasy']
A Mero Hajur 3 	 Third installment in A Mero Hajur film series. 	 ['Romance', 'Drama']
Hitman: Agent 47 	 An assassin teams up with a woman to help her find her father and uncover the mysteries of her ancestry. 	 ['Action', 'Crime', 'Thriller']
The Hunger Games 	 Every year in the ruins of what was once North America the nation of Panem forces each of its twelve districts to send a teenage boy and girl to compete in the Hunger Games.  Part twisted entertainment part government intimidation tactic the Hunger Games are a nationally televised event in which “Tributes” must fight with one another until one survivor remains.  Pitted against highly-trained Tributes who have prepared for these Games their entire lives Katniss is forced to rely upon her sharp instincts as well as the mentorship of drunken former victor Haymitch Abernathy.  If she’s ever to return home to District 12 Katniss must make impossible choices in the arena that weigh survival against humanity and life against love. The world will be watching. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy']
Gone in Sixty Seconds 	 Upon learning that he has to come out of retirement to steal 50 cars in one night to save his brother Kip's life former car thief Randall "Memphis" Raines enlists help from a few "boost happy" pals to accomplish a seemingly impossible feat. From countless car chases to relentless cops the high-octane excitement builds as Randall swerves around more than a few roadblocks to keep Kip alive. 	 ['Action', 'Crime', 'Thriller']
Wedding Crashers 	 John and his buddy Jeremy are emotional criminals who know how to use a woman's hopes and dreams for their own carnal gain. Their modus operandi: crashing weddings. Normally they meet guests who want to toast the romantic day with a random hook-up. But when John meets Claire he discovers what true love – and heartache – feels like. 	 ['Comedy', 'Romance']
Dude 	 Jesse and Chester two bumbling stoners wake up one morning from a night of partying and cannot remember where they parked their car. They encounter a variety of people while looking for it including their angry girlfriends an angry street gang a transexual stripper a cult of alien seeking fanatics and aliens in human form looking for a mystical device that could save or destroy the world. 	 ['Comedy', 'Science Fiction']
Gran Torino 	 Walt Kowalski is a widower who holds onto his prejudices despite the changes in his Michigan neighborhood and the world around him. Kowalski is a grumpy tough-minded unhappy old man who can't get along with either his kids or his neighbors. He is a Korean War veteran whose prize possession is a 1972 Gran Torino he keeps in mint condition. When his neighbor Thao a young Hmong teenager under pressure from his gang member cousin tries to steal his Gran Torino Kowalski sets out to reform the youth. Drawn against his will into the life of Thao's family Kowalski is soon taking steps to protect them from the gangs that infest their neighborhood. 	 ['Drama']
Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid 	 In late 1890s Wyoming Butch Cassidy is the affable clever and talkative leader of the outlaw Hole in the Wall Gang. His closest companion is the laconic dead-shot 'Sundance Kid'. As the west rapidly becomes civilized the law finally catches up to Butch Sundance and their gang.  Chased doggedly by a special posse the two decide to make their way to South America in hopes of evading their pursuers once and for all. 	 ['History', 'Western']
The Crow 	 Exactly one year after young rock guitarist Eric Draven and his fiancée are brutally killed by a ruthless gang of criminals Draven -- watched over by a hypnotic crow -- returns from the grave to exact revenge. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Action', 'Thriller']
The Bourne Legacy 	 New CIA operative Aaron Cross experiences life-or-death stakes that have been triggered by the previous actions of Jason Bourne. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller']
Dragon Ball Z: Fusion Reborn 	 Not paying attention to his job a young demon allows the evil cleansing machine to overflow and explode turning the young demon into the infamous monster Janemba. Goku and Vegeta make solo attempts to defeat the monster but realize their only option is fusion. 	 ['Action', 'Animation']
17 Again 	 On the brink of a midlife crisis 30-something Mike O'Donnell wishes he could have a "do-over." And that's exactly what he gets when he wakes up one morning to find he's 17 years old again. With his adult mind stuck inside the body of a teenager Mike actually has the chance to reverse some decisions he wishes he'd never made. But maybe they weren't so bad after all. 	 ['Comedy']
17 Again 	 On the brink of a midlife crisis 30-something Mike O'Donnell wishes he could have a "do-over." And that's exactly what he gets when he wakes up one morning to find he's 17 years old again. With his adult mind stuck inside the body of a teenager Mike actually has the chance to reverse some decisions he wishes he'd never made. But maybe they weren't so bad after all. 	 ['Comedy']
The Terminator 	 In the post-apocalyptic future reigning tyrannical supercomputers teleport a cyborg assassin known as the "Terminator" back to 1984 to kill Sarah Connor whose unborn son is destined to lead insurgents against 21st century mechanical hegemony. Meanwhile the human-resistance movement dispatches a lone warrior to safeguard Sarah. Can he stop the virtually indestructible killing machine? 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Science Fiction']
Robin Hood: Men in Tights 	 Robin Hood comes home after fighting in the Crusades to learn that the noble King Richard is in exile and that the despotic King John now rules England with the help of the Sheriff of Rottingham. Robin Hood assembles a band of fellow patriots to do battle with King John and the Sheriff. 	 ['Comedy']
G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra 	 From the Egyptian desert to deep below the polar ice caps the elite G.I. JOE team uses the latest in next-generation spy and military equipment to fight the corrupt arms dealer Destro and the growing threat of the mysterious Cobra organization to prevent them from plunging the world into chaos. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Thriller', 'Science Fiction']
Pacific Rim: Uprising 	 It has been ten years since The Battle of the Breach and the oceans are still but restless. Vindicated by the victory at the Breach the Jaeger program has evolved into the most powerful global defense force in human history. The PPDC now calls upon the best and brightest to rise up and become the next generation of heroes when the Kaiju threat returns. 	 ['Action', 'Fantasy', 'Science Fiction', 'Adventure']
Crouching Tiger 	 A story of lost love young love a legendary sword and one last opportunity at redemption. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Drama']
The Great Wall 	 European mercenaries searching for black powder become embroiled in the defense of the Great Wall of China against a horde of monstrous creatures. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy']
Cast Away 	 Chuck a top international manager for FedEx and Kelly a Ph.D. student are in love and heading towards marriage. Then Chuck's plane to Malaysia ditches at sea during a terrible storm. He's the only survivor and he washes up on a tiny island with nothing but some flotsam and jetsam from the aircraft's cargo. 	 ['Adventure', 'Drama']
Tangled 	 When the kingdom's most wanted-and most charming-bandit Flynn Rider hides out in a mysterious tower he's taken hostage by Rapunzel a beautiful and feisty tower-bound teen with 70 feet of magical golden hair. Flynn's curious captor who's looking for her ticket out of the tower where she's been locked away for years strikes a deal with the handsome thief and the unlikely duo sets off on an action-packed escapade complete with a super-cop horse an over-protective chameleon and a gruff gang of pub thugs. 	 ['Animation', 'Family']
Wrong Turn 	 Chris crashes into a carload of other young people and the group of stranded motorists is soon lost in the woods of West Virginia where they're hunted by three cannibalistic mountain men who are grossly disfigured by generations of inbreeding. 	 ['Horror', 'Thriller']
The Aristocats 	 When Madame Adelaide Bonfamille leaves her fortune to Duchess and her children—Bonfamille’s beloved family of cats—the butler plots to steal the money and kidnaps the legatees leaving them out on a country road. All seems lost until the wily Thomas O’Malley Cat and his jazz-playing alley cats come to the aristocats’ rescue. 	 ['Animation', 'Comedy', 'Family', 'Adventure']
Independence Day: Resurgence 	 We always knew they were coming back. Using recovered alien technology the nations of Earth have collaborated on an immense defense program to protect the planet. But nothing can prepare us for the aliens’ advanced and unprecedented force. Only the ingenuity of a few brave men and women can bring our world back from the brink of extinction. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction']
12 Years a Slave 	 In the pre-Civil War United States Solomon Northup a free black man from upstate New York is abducted and sold into slavery. Facing cruelty as well as unexpected kindnesses Solomon struggles not only to stay alive but to retain his dignity. In the twelfth year of his unforgettable odyssey Solomon’s chance meeting with a Canadian abolitionist will forever alter his life. 	 ['Drama', 'History']
Stan & Ollie 	 With their golden era long behind them comedy duo Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy embark on a variety hall tour of Britain and Ireland. Despite the pressures of a hectic schedule and with the support of their wives Lucille and Ida – a formidable double act in their own right – the pair's love of performing as well as for each other endures as they secure their place in the hearts of their adoring public 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama']
Akira 	 A secret military project endangers Neo-Tokyo when it turns a biker gang member into a rampaging psychic psychopath that only two teenagers and a group of psychics can stop. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Animation']
A Cure for Wellness 	 An ambitious young executive is sent to retrieve his company's CEO from an idyllic but mysterious "wellness center" at a remote location in the Swiss Alps but soon suspects that the spa's miraculous treatments are not what they seem. 	 ['Horror', 'Mystery', 'Science Fiction', 'Thriller']
Shark Tale 	 Oscar is a small fish whose big aspirations often get him into trouble. Meanwhile Lenny is a great white shark with a surprising secret that no sea creature would guess: He's a vegetarian. When a lie turns Oscar into an improbable hero and Lenny becomes an outcast the two form an unlikely friendship. 	 ['Animation', 'Action', 'Comedy', 'Family']
Tad 	 Tad is a celebrity archaeologist and adventurer just like his hero Max Mordon... in his dreams! In reality Tad is a Chicago construction worker. One day however he is mistaken for a real professor and takes his place on a flight to Peru in search of the lost city of Paititi. 	 ['Animation', 'Comedy', 'Adventure', 'Family']
Se7en 	 Two homicide detectives are on a desperate hunt for a serial killer whose crimes are based on the "seven deadly sins" in this dark and haunting film that takes viewers from the tortured remains of one victim to the next. The seasoned Det. Sommerset researches each sin in an effort to get inside the killer's mind while his novice partner Mills scoffs at his efforts to unravel the case. 	 ['Crime', 'Mystery', 'Thriller']
American Pie 2 	 The whole gang are back and as close as ever. They decide to get even closer by spending the summer together at a beach house. They decide to hold the biggest party ever to be seen even if the preparation doesn't always go to plan. Especially when Stifler Finch and Jim become more close to each other than they ever want to be and when Jim mistakes super glue for lubricant... 	 ['Comedy', 'Romance']
Hachi: A Dog's Tale 	 A drama based on the true story of a college professor's bond with the abandoned dog he takes into his home. 	 ['Drama', 'Family']
Mile 22 	 An elite group of American operatives aided by a top-secret tactical command team must transport an asset who holds life-threatening information to an extraction point 22 miles away through the hostile streets of an Asian city. 	 ['Action']
The Head Hunter 	 On the outskirts of a kingdom a quiet but fierce medieval warrior protects the realm from monsters and the occult. His gruesome collection of heads is missing only one - the monster that killed his daughter years ago. Driven by a thirst for revenge he travels wild expanses on horseback. When his second chance arrives it’s in a way far more horrifying than he ever imagined. 	 ['Horror', 'Fantasy']
Ender's Game 	 Based on the classic novel by Orson Scott Card Ender's Game is the story of the Earth's most gifted children training to defend their homeplanet in the space wars of the future. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Action', 'Adventure']
The Terminal 	 Viktor Navorski is a man without a country; his plane took off just as a coup d'etat exploded in his homeland leaving it in shambles and now he's stranded at Kennedy Airport where he's holding a passport that nobody recognizes. While quarantined in the transit lounge until authorities can figure out what to do with him Viktor simply goes on living – and courts romance with a beautiful flight attendant. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama']
The Addams Family 	 Uncle Fester has been missing for 25 years. An evil doctor finds out and introduces a fake Fester in an attempt to get the Addams Family's money. The youngest daughter has some doubts about the new uncle Fester but the fake uncle adapts very well to the strange family. Can the doctor carry out her evil plans and take over the Addams Family's fortune? 	 ['Horror', 'Comedy', 'Fantasy']
The Scorpion King 	 In ancient Egypt peasant Mathayus is hired to exact revenge on the powerful Memnon and the sorceress Cassandra who are ready to overtake Balthazar's village. Amid betrayals thieves abductions and more Mathayus strives to bring justice to his complicated world. 	 ['Action', 'Fantasy', 'Adventure']
Return of the Jedi 	 As Rebel leaders map their strategy for an all-out attack on the Emperor's newer bigger Death Star. Han Solo remains frozen in the cavernous desert fortress of Jabba the Hutt the most loathsome outlaw in the universe who is also keeping Princess Leia as a slave girl. Now a master of the Force Luke Skywalker rescues his friends but he cannot become a true Jedi Knight until he wages his own crucial battle against Darth Vader who has sworn to win Luke over to the dark side of the Force. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Science Fiction']
The Girl Who Played with Fire 	 Mikael Blomkvist publisher of Millennium magazine has made his living exposing the crooked and corrupt practices of establishment Swedish figures. So when a young journalist approaches him with a meticulously researched thesis about sex trafficking in Sweden and those in high office who abuse underage girls Blomkvist immediately throws himself into the investigation. 	 ['Drama', 'Action', 'Thriller', 'Crime', 'Mystery']
Memories of Murder 	 1986 Gyunggi Province. The body of a young woman is found brutally raped and murdered. Two months later a series of rapes and murders commences under similar circumstances. And in a country that had never known such crimes the dark whispers about a serial murderer grow louder. A special task force is set up in the area with two local detectives Park Doo-Man and Jo Young-Goo joined by a detective from Seoul who requested to be assigned to the case. 	 ['Crime', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
Prostitution 	 Soo-hyeon and Hye-ji are sitting on a pile of debt thanks to their husband and father who ran away in the middle of the night. Tae-san the loan shark demands the money no matter what. He rapes the mother and daughter and requires them to join prostitution. They survive day by day selling themselves until one day Tae-san suggests a way they can clean slate over one night and that is for the mother and daughter to have the most extreme sex with one man. 	 ['Drama', 'Romance']
Frankenstein 	 Henry Frankenstein is a doctor who is trying to discover a way to make the dead walk. He succeeds and creates a monster that has to deal with living again. 	 ['Drama', 'Horror', 'Science Fiction']
Apocalypse Now 	 At the height of the Vietnam war Captain Benjamin Willard is sent on a dangerous mission that officially "does not exist nor will it ever exist." His goal is to locate - and eliminate - a mysterious Green Beret Colonel named Walter Kurtz who has been leading his personal army on illegal guerrilla missions into enemy territory. 	 ['Drama', 'War']
Ghost Rider 	 In order to save his dying father young stunt cyclist Johnny Blaze sells his soul to Mephistopheles and sadly parts from the pure-hearted Roxanne Simpson the love of his life. Years later Johnny's path crosses again with Roxanne now a go-getting reporter and also with Mephistopheles who offers to release Johnny's soul if Johnny becomes the fabled fiery 'Ghost Rider'. 	 ['Thriller', 'Action', 'Fantasy', 'Horror']
Iron Man 2 	 With the world now aware of his dual life as the armored superhero Iron Man billionaire inventor Tony Stark faces pressure from the government the press and the public to share his technology with the military. Unwilling to let go of his invention Stark with Pepper Potts and James 'Rhodey' Rhodes at his side must forge new alliances – and confront powerful enemies. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Science Fiction']
National Lampoon's Vacation 	 Clark Griswold is on a quest to take his family on a quest to Walley World theme park for a vacation but things don't go exactly as planned. 	 ['Comedy', 'Adventure']
Waterworld 	 In a futuristic world where the polar ice caps have melted and made Earth a liquid planet a beautiful barmaid rescues a mutant seafarer from a floating island prison. They escape along with her young charge Enola and sail off aboard his ship. But the trio soon becomes the target of a menacing pirate who covets the map to 'Dryland' – which is tattooed on Enola's back. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction']
Ant-Man 	 Armed with the astonishing ability to shrink in scale but increase in strength master thief Scott Lang must embrace his inner-hero and help his mentor Doctor Hank Pym protect the secret behind his spectacular Ant-Man suit from a new generation of towering threats. Against seemingly insurmountable obstacles Pym and Lang must plan and pull off a heist that will save the world. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Action', 'Adventure']
Planeta Humra 	  	 ['Science Fiction', 'Action', 'Adventure']
Peter Pan 	 Leaving the safety of their nursery behind Wendy Michael and John follow Peter Pan to a magical world where childhood lasts forever. But while in Neverland the kids must face Captain Hook and foil his attempts to get rid of Peter for good. 	 ['Animation', 'Family', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy']
National Treasure: Book of Secrets 	 Benjamin Franklin Gates and Dr. Abigail Chase re-team with Riley Poole and now armed with a stack of long-lost pages from John Wilkes Booth’s diary Ben must follow a clue left there to prove his ancestor’s innocence in the assassination of Abraham Lincoln. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Mystery', 'Thriller']
Hairspray 	 Pleasantly plump teenager Tracy Turnblad auditions to be on Baltimore's most popular dance show - The Corny Collins Show - and lands a prime spot. Through her newfound fame she becomes determined to help her friends and end the racial segregation that has been a staple of the show. 	 ['Family', 'Comedy', 'Music', 'Romance']
Alien³ 	 During its return to the earth commercial spaceship Nostromo intercepts a distress signal from a distant planet. When a three-member team of the crew discovers a chamber containing thousands of eggs on the planet a creature inside one of the eggs attacks an explorer. The entire crew is unaware of the impending nightmare set to descend upon them when the alien parasite planted inside its unfortunate host is birthed. 	 ['Horror', 'Science Fiction']
Halloween 	 Laurie Strode comes to her final confrontation with Michael Myers the masked figure who has haunted her since she narrowly escaped his killing spree on Halloween night four decades ago. 	 ['Thriller', 'Horror']
Halloween 	 Laurie Strode comes to her final confrontation with Michael Myers the masked figure who has haunted her since she narrowly escaped his killing spree on Halloween night four decades ago. 	 ['Thriller', 'Horror']
Star Trek: The Motion Picture 	 When a destructive space entity is spotted approaching Earth Admiral Kirk resumes command of the Starship Enterprise in order to intercept examine and hopefully stop it. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Adventure', 'Mystery']
2012 	 Dr. Adrian Helmsley part of a worldwide geophysical team investigating the effect on the earth of radiation from unprecedented solar storms learns that the earth's core is heating up. He warns U.S. President Thomas Wilson that the crust of the earth is becoming unstable and that without proper preparations for saving a fraction of the world's population the entire race is doomed. Meanwhile writer Jackson Curtis stumbles on the same information. While the world's leaders race to build "arks" to escape the impending cataclysm Curtis struggles to find a way to save his family. Meanwhile volcanic eruptions and earthquakes of unprecedented strength wreak havoc around the world. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction']
Mia and the White Lion 	 A young girl from London moves to Africa with her parents where she befriends a lion cub. 	 ['Adventure']
Mimicry Freaks 	  	 ['Adventure']
The Grandmaster 	 Ip Man's peaceful life in Foshan changes after Gong Yutian seeks an heir for his family in Southern China. Ip Man then meets Gong Er who challenges him for the sake of regaining her family's honor. After the Second Sino-Japanese War Ip Man moves to Hong Kong and struggles to provide for his family. In the mean time Gong Er chooses the path of vengeance after her father was killed by Ma San. 	 ['Action', 'Drama', 'History']
The Hangover Part III 	 This time there's no wedding. No bachelor party. What could go wrong right? But when the Wolfpack hits the road all bets are off. 	 ['Comedy']
The Apartment 	 Bud Baxter is a minor clerk in a huge New York insurance company until he discovers a quick way to climb the corporate ladder. He lends out his apartment to the executives as a place to take their mistresses. Although he often has to deal with the aftermath of their visits one night he's left with a major problem to solve. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama', 'Romance']
Fight Club 	 A ticking-time-bomb insomniac and a slippery soap salesman channel primal male aggression into a shocking new form of therapy. Their concept catches on with underground "fight clubs" forming in every town until an eccentric gets in the way and ignites an out-of-control spiral toward oblivion. 	 ['Drama']
The Endless 	 Two brothers return to the cult they fled from years ago to discover that the group's beliefs may be more sane than they once thought. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Horror', 'Thriller']
Next 	 Las Vegas showroom magician Cris Johnson has a secret which torments him: he can see a few minutes into the future. Sick of the examinations he underwent as a child and the interest of the government and medical establishment in his power he lies low under an assumed name in Vegas performing cheap tricks and living off small-time gambling "winnings." But when a terrorist group threatens to detonate a nuclear device in Los Angeles government agent Callie Ferris must use all her wiles to capture Cris and convince him to help her stop the cataclysm. 	 ['Action', 'Science Fiction', 'Thriller']
Get Smart 	 When the identities of secret agents from Control are compromised the Chief promotes hapless but eager analyst Maxwell Smart and teams him with stylish capable Agent 99 the only spy whose cover remains intact. Can they work together to thwart the evil plans of KAOS and its crafty operative? 	 ['Action', 'Comedy', 'Thriller']
8MM 	 A small seemingly innocuous plastic reel of film leads surveillance specialist Tom Welles down an increasingly dark and frightening path. With the help of the streetwise Max he relentlessly follows a bizarre trail of evidence to determine the fate of a complete stranger. As his work turns into obsession he drifts farther and farther away from his wife family and simple life as a small-town PI. 	 ['Thriller', 'Crime', 'Mystery']
WALL·E 	 WALL·E is the last robot left on an Earth that has been overrun with garbage and all humans have fled to outer space. For 700 years he has continued to try and clean up the mess but has developed some rather interesting human-like qualities. When a ship arrives with a sleek new type of robot WALL·E thinks he's finally found a friend and stows away on the ship when it leaves. 	 ['Animation', 'Family', 'Science Fiction']
Byomkesh Gotro 	 Convinced that his life is in jeopardy Satyakam the son of a business magnate hailing from Mussoorie approaches Byomkesh with a plea for help. The legendary detective soon heads to Mussoorie where he finds out that the youngsters worst fears have come true. Can Byomkesh unravel the mystery shrouding Satyakam's murder before it is too late? 	 ['Mystery', 'Thriller']
Taken 3 	 Ex-government operative Bryan Mills finds his life is shattered when he's falsely accused of a murder that hits close to home. As he's pursued by a savvy police inspector Mills employs his particular set of skills to track the real killer and exact his unique brand of justice. 	 ['Thriller', 'Action']
Police Academy 6: City Under Siege 	 Our favourite police men are called together to deal with a gang who rob banks and jewelers. Using their various talents as well as their extraordinary luck the crooks stand no chance against our men and women wearing blue.. 	 ['Comedy', 'Crime']
Piranha 3D 	 Each year the population of sleepy Lake Victoria Arizona explodes from 5000 to 50000 residents for the annual Spring Break celebration. But then an earthquake opens an underwater chasm releasing an enormous swarm of ancient Piranha that have been dormant for thousands of years now with a taste for human flesh. This year there's something more to worry about than the usual hangovers and complaints from locals a new type of terror is about to be cut loose on Lake Victoria. 	 ['Comedy', 'Horror']
Captain Marvel 	 The story follows Carol Danvers as she becomes one of the universe’s most powerful heroes when Earth is caught in the middle of a galactic war between two alien races. Set in the 1990s Captain Marvel is an all-new adventure from a previously unseen period in the history of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction']
Hanna 	 A 16-year-old girl raised by her father to be the perfect assassin is dispatched on a mission across Europe. Tracked by a ruthless operatives she faces startling revelations about her existence and questions about her humanity. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Adventure']
King Kong 	 In 1933 New York an overly ambitious movie producer coerces his cast and hired ship crew to travel to mysterious Skull Island where they encounter Kong a giant ape who is immediately smitten with the leading lady. 	 ['Adventure', 'Drama', 'Action']
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows 	 After supervillain Shredder escapes custody he joins forces with mad scientist Baxter Stockman and two dimwitted henchmen Bebop and Rocksteady to unleash a diabolical plan to take over the world. As the Turtles prepare to take on Shredder and his new crew they find themselves facing an even greater evil with similar intentions: the notorious Krang. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Family', 'Science Fiction']
Van Helsing 	 Famed monster slayer Gabriel Van Helsing is dispatched to Transylvania to assist the last of the Valerious bloodline in defeating Count Dracula. Anna Valerious reveals that Dracula has formed an unholy alliance with Dr. Frankenstein's monster and is hell-bent on exacting a centuries-old curse on her family. 	 ['Horror', 'Adventure', 'Action']
The Hangover 	 When three friends finally come to after a raucous night of bachelor-party revelry they find a baby in the closet and a tiger in the bathroom. But they can't seem to locate their best friend Doug – who's supposed to be tying the knot. Launching a frantic search for Doug the trio perseveres through a nasty hangover to try to make it to the church on time. 	 ['Comedy']
Dumb and Dumber To 	 20 years after the dimwits set out on their first adventure they head out in search of one of their long lost children in the hope of gaining a new kidney. 	 ['Comedy']
Deadpool 	 Deadpool tells the origin story of former Special Forces operative turned mercenary Wade Wilson who after being subjected to a rogue experiment that leaves him with accelerated healing powers adopts the alter ego Deadpool. Armed with his new abilities and a dark twisted sense of humor Deadpool hunts down the man who nearly destroyed his life. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Comedy']
300: Rise of an Empire 	 Greek general Themistokles attempts to unite all of Greece by leading the charge that will change the course of the war. Themistokles faces the massive invading Persian forces led by mortal-turned-god Xerxes and Artemesia the vengeful commander of the Persian navy. 	 ['Action', 'War', 'Fantasy']
Ant-Man and the Wasp 	 Just when his time under house arrest is about to end Scott Lang once again puts his freedom at risk to help Hope van Dyne and Dr. Hank Pym dive into the quantum realm and try to accomplish against time and any chance of success a very dangerous rescue mission. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction', 'Comedy', 'Family']
Furious 7 	 Deckard Shaw seeks revenge against Dominic Toretto and his family for his comatose brother. 	 ['Action', 'Crime', 'Thriller']
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 	 For Peter Parker life is busy. Between taking out the bad guys as Spider-Man and spending time with the person he loves Gwen Stacy high school graduation cannot come quickly enough. Peter has not forgotten about the promise he made to Gwen’s father to protect her by staying away but that is a promise he cannot keep. Things will change for Peter when a new villain Electro emerges an old friend Harry Osborn returns and Peter uncovers new clues about his past. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy']
The Monuments Men 	 Based on the true story of the greatest treasure hunt in history The Monuments Men is an action drama focusing on seven over-the-hill out-of-shape museum directors artists architects curators and art historians who went to the front lines of WWII to rescue the world’s artistic masterpieces from Nazi thieves and return them to their rightful owners.  With the art hidden behind enemy lines how could these guys hope to succeed? 	 ['War', 'Drama', 'History', 'Action']
Guardians of the Galaxy 	 Light years from Earth 26 years after being abducted Peter Quill finds himself the prime target of a manhunt after discovering an orb wanted by Ronan the Accuser. 	 ['Action', 'Science Fiction', 'Adventure']
Moonlight People 	  	 ['Romance', 'Science Fiction', 'Music']
Alien Warfare 	 A team of Navy Seals investigates a mysterious science outpost only to have to combat a squad of powerful alien soldiers. 	 ['Action', 'Science Fiction']
The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 1 	 The new found married bliss of Bella Swan and vampire Edward Cullen is cut short when a series of betrayals and misfortunes threatens to destroy their world. Bella soon discovers she is pregnant and during a nearly fatal childbirth Edward finally fulfills her wish to become immortal. But the arrival of their remarkable daughter Renesmee sets in motion a perilous chain of events that pits the Cullens and their allies against the Volturi the fearsome council of vampire leaders setting the stage for an all-out battle. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Romance']
Extinction 	 A chief mechanic at a factory haunted by apocalyptic nightmares becomes a hero when Earth is invaded by a mysterious army bent on destruction. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Thriller', 'Drama', 'Action']
Adrift 	 A true story of survival as a young couple's chance encounter leads them first to love and then on the adventure of a lifetime as they face one of the most catastrophic hurricanes in recorded history. 	 ['Thriller', 'Romance', 'Adventure']
Sleeping Beauty 	 A beautiful princess born in a faraway kingdom is destined by a terrible curse to prick her finger on the spindle of a spinning wheel and fall into a deep sleep that can only be awakened by true love's first kiss. Determined to protect her her parents ask three fairies to raise her in hiding. But the evil Maleficent is just as determined to seal the princess's fate. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Animation', 'Romance', 'Family']
12 Angry Men 	 The defense and the prosecution have rested and the jury is filing into the jury room to decide if a young Spanish-American is guilty or innocent of murdering his father. What begins as an open and shut case soon becomes a mini-drama of each of the jurors' prejudices and preconceptions about the trial the accused and each other. 	 ['Drama']
The Cloverfield Paradox 	 Orbiting above a planet on the brink of war scientists test a device to solve an energy crisis and end up face-to-face with a dark alternate reality. 	 ['Mystery', 'Thriller', 'Horror', 'Science Fiction']
Terminator Salvation 	 All grown up in post-apocalyptic 2018 John Connor must lead the resistance of humans against the increasingly dominating militaristic robots. But when Marcus Wright appears his existence confuses the mission as Connor tries to determine whether Wright has come from the future or the past -- and whether he's friend or foe. 	 ['Action', 'Science Fiction', 'Thriller']
New York 	 New York I Love You delves into the intimate lives of New Yorkers as they grapple with delight in and search for love. Journey from the Diamond District in the heart of Manhattan through Chinatown and the Upper East Side towards the Village into Tribeca and Brooklyn as lovers of all ages try to find romance in the Big Apple. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama', 'Romance']
Drive 	 A Hollywood stunt performer who moonlights as a wheelman for criminals discovers that a contract has been put on him after a heist gone wrong. 	 ['Drama', 'Action', 'Thriller', 'Crime']
The Social Network 	 On a fall night in 2003 Harvard undergrad and computer programming genius Mark Zuckerberg sits down at his computer and heatedly begins working on a new idea. In a fury of blogging and programming what begins in his dorm room as a small site among friends soon becomes a global social network and a revolution in communication. A mere six years and 500 million friends later Mark Zuckerberg is the youngest billionaire in history... but for this entrepreneur success leads to both personal and legal complications. 	 ['Drama']
Capernaum 	 Zain a 12-year-old boy scrambling to survive on the streets of Beirut sues his parents for having brought him into such an unjust world where being a refugee with no documents means that your rights can easily be denied. 	 ['Drama']
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing 	 After seven months have passed without a culprit in her daughter's murder case Mildred Hayes makes a bold move painting three signs leading into her town with a controversial message directed at Bill Willoughby the town's revered chief of police. When his second-in-command Officer Jason Dixon an immature mother's boy with a penchant for violence gets involved the battle between Mildred and Ebbing's law enforcement is only exacerbated. 	 ['Crime', 'Drama']
Gone Girl 	 With his wife's disappearance having become the focus of an intense media circus a man sees the spotlight turned on him when it's suspected that he may not be innocent. 	 ['Mystery', 'Thriller', 'Drama']
The Living Daylights 	 James Bond helps a Russian General escape into the west. He soon finds out that the KGB wants to kill him for helping the General. A little while later the General is kidnapped from the Secret Service leading 007 to be suspicious. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Thriller']
Moonraker 	 During the transportation of a Space Shuttle a Boeing 747 crashes in the Atlantic Ocean yet when they go to look for the destroyed shuttle it is not there. James Bond investigates the missing mission space shuttle and soon learns that the shuttles owner Hugo Drax wants to kill all of mankind. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Thriller', 'Science Fiction']
Love's Twisting Path 	 A love story torn by swords... In Kyoto in the last days of Edo Period the bloody conflict continues between local feudal domains who aim to overthrow the Tokugawa Shogunate and the Shogun's police and city patrol. Tajuro Kiyokawa once the master of the sword but now a depraved samurai who left his domain putting aside his past ambition barely makes ends meet. Toyo a woman who runs a tavern next door feels affection for Tajuro who guards her place from nasty customers but he never realizes Toyo's feeling... One day Kazuma a half-sibling of Tajuro came to Kyoto to count on his brother. Kazuma has always looked him up and believed that Tajuro left the domain to pursue his ambition to conquer the shogunate. The city patrol finally finds Tajuro the one marked as a subversive and attacks him. What fate awaits for Tajuro Toyo and Kazuma after a battle staking their lives...? 	 ['Drama']
Superman/Shazam!: The Return of Black Adam 	 Chosen the world’s protector against the Seven Deadly Enemies of Man – pride envy greed hatred selfishness laziness and injustice – young Billy Batson accepts his destiny as Captain Marvel. Battling alongside Superman against nefarious Black Adam Billy soon discovers the challenge super heroes ultimately face: is it revenge or justice? 	 ['Animation', 'Action']
50/50 	 Inspired by a true story a comedy centered on a 27-year-old guy who learns of his cancer diagnosis and his subsequent struggle to beat the disease. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama']
The Maze Runner 	 Set in a post-apocalyptic world young Thomas is deposited in a community of boys after his memory is erased soon learning they're all trapped in a maze that will require him to join forces with fellow “runners” for a shot at escape. 	 ['Action', 'Mystery', 'Science Fiction', 'Thriller']
The Birds 	 Chic socialite Melanie Daniels enjoys a passing flirtation with an eligible attorney in a San Francisco pet shop and on an impulse follows him to his hometown bearing a gift of lovebirds. But upon her arrival the bird population runs amok. Suddenly the townsfolk face a massive avian onslaught with the feathered fiends inexplicably attacking people all over Bodega Bay. 	 ['Horror']
The Final Cut 	 Set in a world with memory implants Alan Hakman is a 'cutter'—someone with the power of final edit over people's recorded histories—but his latest assignment puts him in great danger. 	 ['Drama', 'Mystery', 'Science Fiction', 'Thriller']
K-19: The Widowmaker 	 When Russia's first nuclear submarine malfunctions on its maiden voyage the crew must race to save the ship and prevent a nuclear disaster. 	 ['Drama', 'History', 'War', 'Thriller', 'Mystery']
Ace Ventura: Pet Detective 	 He's Ace Ventura: Pet Detective. Jim Carrey is on the case to find the Miami Dolphins' missing mascot and quarterback Dan Marino. He goes eyeball to eyeball with a man-eating shark stakes out the Miami Dolphins and woos and wows the ladies. Whether he's undercover under fire or underwater he always gets his man… or beast! 	 ['Comedy', 'Mystery']
In the Mood for Love 	 Taking place in Hong Kong of 1962 a melancholy story about the love between a woman and a man who live in the same building and one day find out that their husband and wife had an affair with each other. 	 ['Drama', 'Romance']
Blackhat 	 A man is released from prison to help American and Chinese authorities pursue a mysterious cyber criminal. The dangerous search leads them from Chicago to Hong Kong. 	 ['Crime', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
Escape Plan 	 Ray Breslin is the world's foremost authority on structural security. After analyzing every high security prison and learning a vast array of survival skills so he can design escape-proof prisons his skills are put to the test. He's framed and incarcerated in a master prison he designed himself. He needs to escape and find the person who put him behind bars. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller']
Texas Chainsaw 3D 	 A young woman learns that she has inherited a Texas estate from her deceased grandmother. After embarking on a road trip with friends to uncover her roots she finds she is the sole owner of a lavish isolated Victorian mansion. But her newfound wealth comes at a price as she stumbles upon a horror that awaits her in the mansion’s dank cellars. 	 ['Horror', 'Thriller']
Fury 	 Last months of World War II in April 1945. As the Allies make their final push in the European Theater a battle-hardened U.S. Army sergeant in the 2nd Armored Division named Wardaddy commands a Sherman tank called "Fury" and its five-man crew on a deadly mission behind enemy lines. Outnumbered and outgunned Wardaddy and his men face overwhelming odds in their heroic attempts to strike at the heart of Nazi Germany. 	 ['War', 'Drama', 'Action']
Kamen Rider Heisei Generations FOREVER 	 In the world of Sougo Tokiwa and Sento Kiryu their "companions" are losing their memories one after the other as they're replaced by other people. The Super Time Jacker Tid  appears before them. He orders his powerful underlings Another Double and Another Den-O to pursue a young boy called Shingo. While fighting to protect Shingo Sougo meets Ataru a young man who loves Riders but Ataru says that Kamen Riders aren't real. What is the meaning of those words? While the mystery deepens the true enemy that Sougo and Sento must defeat appears in the Kuriogatake mountain... 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction']
What Happened to Monday 	 In a world where families are limited to one child due to overpopulation a set of identical septuplets must avoid being put to a long sleep by the government and dangerous infighting while investigating the disappearance of one of their own. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Thriller', 'Drama']
Cube 2: Hypercube 	 The sequel to the low budget first film ‘Cube.’ This time the prisoners find them selves in a more advanced cube environment that they must escape from before they are killed. A science fiction film where space and time have more than one path. 	 ['Thriller', 'Science Fiction', 'Mystery']
Pitch Perfect 3 	 After the highs of winning the world championships the Bellas find themselves split apart and discovering there aren't job prospects for making music with your mouth. But when they get the chance to reunite for an overseas USO tour this group of awesome nerds will come together to make some music and some questionable decisions one last time. 	 ['Comedy', 'Music']
Before I Go to Sleep 	 A woman wakes up every day remembering nothing as a result of a traumatic accident in her past. One day new terrifying truths emerge that force her to question everyone around her. 	 ['Mystery', 'Thriller']
Alice Through the Looking Glass 	 In the sequel to Tim Burton's "Alice in Wonderland" Alice Kingsleigh returns to Underland and faces a new adventure in saving the Mad Hatter. 	 ['Adventure', 'Family', 'Fantasy']
We Were Soldiers 	 The story of the first major battle of the American phase of the Vietnam War and the soldiers on both sides that fought it. 	 ['Action', 'History', 'War']
Ocean's Thirteen 	 Danny Ocean's team of criminals are back and composing a plan more personal than ever. When ruthless casino owner Willy Bank doublecrosses Reuben Tishkoff causing a heart attack Danny Ocean vows that he and his team will do anything to bring down Willy Bank along with everything he's got. Even if it means asking for help from an enemy. 	 ['Crime', 'Thriller']
Metropolis 	 In a futuristic city sharply divided between the working class and the city planners the son of the city's mastermind falls in love with a working class prophet who predicts the coming of a savior to mediate their differences. 	 ['Drama', 'Science Fiction']
Dead Poets Society 	 At an elite old-fashioned boarding school in New England a passionate English teacher inspires his students to rebel against convention and seize the potential of every day courting the disdain of the stern headmaster. 	 ['Drama']
Kingsman: The Secret Service 	 The story of a super-secret spy organization that recruits an unrefined but promising street kid into the agency's ultra-competitive training program just as a global threat emerges from a twisted tech genius. 	 ['Crime', 'Comedy', 'Action', 'Adventure']
Predators 	 A mercenary reluctantly leads a motley crew of warriors who soon come to realize they've been captured and deposited on an alien planet by an unknown nemesis. With the exception of a peculiar physician they are all cold-blooded killers convicts death squad members... hunters who have now become the hunted. 	 ['Action', 'Science Fiction', 'Adventure', 'Thriller']
The Purge: Anarchy 	 One night per year the government sanctions a 12-hour period in which citizens can commit any crime they wish -- including murder -- without fear of punishment or imprisonment. Leo a sergeant who lost his son plans a vigilante mission of revenge during the mayhem. However instead of a death-dealing avenger he becomes the unexpected protector of four innocent strangers who desperately need his help if they are to survive the night. 	 ['Horror', 'Thriller']
Predator 	 Dutch and his group of commandos are hired by the CIA to rescue downed airmen from guerillas in a Central American jungle. The mission goes well but as they return they find that something is hunting them. Nearly invisible it blends in with the forest taking trophies from the bodies of its victims as it goes along. Occasionally seeing through its eyes the audience sees it is an intelligent alien hunter hunting them for sport killing them off one at a time. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Action', 'Adventure', 'Thriller']
The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey 	 Bilbo Baggins a hobbit enjoying his quiet life is swept into an epic quest by Gandalf the Grey and thirteen dwarves who seek to reclaim their mountain home from Smaug the dragon. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Action']
Maze Runner: The Scorch Trials 	 Thomas and his fellow Gladers face their greatest challenge yet: searching for clues about the mysterious and powerful organization known as WCKD. Their journey takes them to the Scorch a desolate landscape filled with unimaginable obstacles. Teaming up with resistance fighters the Gladers take on WCKD’s vastly superior forces and uncover its shocking plans for them all. 	 ['Action', 'Science Fiction', 'Thriller']
A Most Wanted Man 	 A Chechen Muslim illegally immigrates to Hamburg and becomes a person of interest for a covert government team which tracks the movements of potential terrorists. 	 ['Thriller']
Aladdin 	 Princess Jasmine grows tired of being forced to remain in the palace so she sneaks out into the marketplace in disguise where she meets street-urchin Aladdin.  The couple falls in love although Jasmine may only marry a prince.  After being thrown in jail Aladdin becomes embroiled in a plot to find a mysterious lamp with which the evil Jafar hopes to rule the land. 	 ['Animation', 'Family', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Romance']
Venom 	 Investigative journalist Eddie Brock attempts a comeback following a scandal but accidentally becomes the host of Venom a violent super powerful alien symbiote. Soon he must rely on his newfound powers to protect the world from a shadowy organization looking for a symbiote of their own. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Action']
Zodiac 	 The true story of the investigation of the "Zodiac Killer" a serial killer who terrified the San Francisco Bay Area taunting police with his ciphers and letters.  The case becomes an obsession for three men as their lives and careers are built and destroyed by the endless trail of clues. 	 ['Crime', 'Drama', 'Mystery', 'Thriller']
Alien Resurrection 	 Two hundred years after Lt. Ripley died a group of scientists clone her hoping to breed the ultimate weapon. But the new Ripley is full of surprises … as are the new aliens. Ripley must team with a band of smugglers to keep the creatures from reaching Earth. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Horror', 'Action']
Kung Fu Panda 3 	 Continuing his "legendary adventures of awesomeness" Po must face two hugely epic but different threats: one supernatural and the other a little closer to his home. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Animation', 'Comedy', 'Family']
Neighbors 2: Sorority Rising 	 A sorority moves in next door to the home of Mac and Kelly Radner who have a young child. The Radner's enlist their former nemeses from the fraternity to help battle the raucous sisters. 	 ['Comedy']
The Shining 	 Jack Torrance accepts a caretaker job at the Overlook Hotel where he along with his wife Wendy and their son Danny must live isolated from the rest of the world for the winter. But they aren't prepared for the madness that lurks within. 	 ['Horror', 'Thriller']
Life Is Beautiful 	 A politically neutral man is arrested and tortured in prerevolutionary Lisbon and forced to make and act on a political commitment. … 	 ['Thriller', 'Drama', 'Crime']
xXx: Return of Xander Cage 	 Extreme athlete turned government operative Xander Cage comes out of self-imposed exile thought to be long dead and is set on a collision course with deadly alpha warrior Xiang and his team in a race to recover a sinister and seemingly unstoppable weapon known as Pandora's Box. Recruiting an all-new group of thrill-seeking cohorts Xander finds himself enmeshed in a deadly conspiracy that points to collusion at the highest levels of world governments. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Crime']
Good Will Hunting 	 Will Hunting has a genius-level IQ but chooses to work as a janitor at MIT. When he solves a difficult graduate-level math problem his talents are discovered by Professor Gerald Lambeau who decides to help the misguided youth reach his potential. When Will is arrested for attacking a police officer Professor Lambeau makes a deal to get leniency for him if he will get treatment from therapist Sean Maguire. 	 ['Drama']
Bumblebee 	 On the run in the year 1987 Bumblebee finds refuge in a junkyard in a small Californian beach town. Charlie on the cusp of turning 18 and trying to find her place in the world discovers Bumblebee battle-scarred and broken.  When Charlie revives him she quickly learns this is no ordinary yellow VW bug. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction']
Incredibles 2 	 Elastigirl springs into action to save the day while Mr. Incredible faces his greatest challenge yet – taking care of the problems of his three children. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Animation', 'Family']
Mechanic: Resurrection 	 Arthur Bishop thought he had put his murderous past behind him when his most formidable foe kidnaps the love of his life. Now he is forced to travel the globe to complete three impossible assassinations and do what he does best make them look like accidents. 	 ['Action', 'Crime', 'Thriller']
The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian 	 One year after their incredible adventures in the Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe Peter Edmund Lucy and Susan Pevensie return to Narnia to aid a young prince whose life has been threatened by the evil King Miraz. Now with the help of a colorful cast of new characters including Trufflehunter the badger and Nikabrik the dwarf the Pevensie clan embarks on an incredible quest to ensure that Narnia is returned to its rightful heir. 	 ['Adventure', 'Family', 'Fantasy']
First Blood 	 When former Green Beret John Rambo is harassed by local law enforcement and arrested for vagrancy the Vietnam vet snaps runs for the hills and rat-a-tat-tats his way into the action-movie hall of fame. Hounded by a relentless sheriff Rambo employs heavy-handed guerilla tactics to shake the cops off his tail. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Thriller', 'War']
Casper 	 Furious that her late father only willed her his gloomy-looking mansion rather than his millions Carrigan Crittenden is ready to burn the place to the ground when she discovers a map to a treasure hidden in the house. But when she enters the rickety mansion to seek her claim she is frightened away by a wicked wave of ghosts. Determined to get her hands on this hidden fortune she hires afterlife therapist Dr. James Harvey to exorcise the ghosts from the mansion. Harvey and his daughter Kat move in and soon Kat meets Casper the ghost of a young boy who's "the friendliest ghost you know." But not so friendly are Casper's uncles--Stretch Fatso and Stinkie--who are determined to drive all "fleshies" away. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Comedy', 'Family']
On Her Majesty's Secret Service 	 James Bond tracks his archnemesis Ernst Blofeld to a mountaintop retreat where he is training an army of beautiful lethal women. Along the way Bond falls for Italian contessa Tracy Draco and marries her in order to get closer to Blofeld. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Thriller']
Ace Ventura: When Nature Calls 	 Summoned from an ashram in Tibet Ace finds himself on a perilous journey into the jungles of Africa to find Shikaka the missing sacred animal of the friendly Wachati tribe. He must accomplish this before the wedding of the Wachati's Princess to the prince of the warrior Wachootoos. If Ace fails the result will be a vicious tribal war. 	 ['Crime', 'Comedy', 'Adventure']
Return to the Blue Lagoon 	 In this sequel to the 1980 classic two children are stranded on a beautiful island in the South Pacific. With no adults to guide them the two make a simple life together and eventually become tanned teenagers in love. 	 ['Adventure', 'Drama']
The Boondock Saints II: All Saints Day 	 Skillfully framed by an unknown enemy for the murder of a priest wanted vigilante MacManus brothers Murphy and Connor must come out of hiding on a sheep farm in Ireland to fight for justice in Boston. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Crime']
Deepwater Horizon 	 A story set on the offshore drilling rig Deepwater Horizon which exploded during April 2010 and created the worst oil spill in U.S. history. 	 ['Drama', 'Action']
The Hurt Locker 	 Forced to play a dangerous game of cat-and-mouse in the chaos of war an elite Army bomb squad unit must come together in a city where everyone is a potential enemy and every object could be a deadly bomb. 	 ['Drama', 'Thriller', 'War']
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind 	 Joel Barish heartbroken that his girlfriend underwent a procedure to erase him from her memory decides to do the same. However as he watches his memories of her fade away he realises that he still loves her and may be too late to correct his mistake. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Drama', 'Romance']
Independence Day 	 On July 2 a giant alien mothership enters orbit around Earth and deploys several dozen saucer-shaped 'destroyer' spacecraft that quickly lay waste to major cities around the planet. On July 3 the United States conducts a coordinated counterattack that fails. On July 4 a plan is devised to gain access to the interior of the alien mothership in space in order to plant a nuclear missile. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction']
Star Trek Into Darkness 	 When the crew of the Enterprise is called back home they find an unstoppable force of terror from within their own organization has detonated the fleet and everything it stands for leaving our world in a state of crisis.  With a personal score to settle Captain Kirk leads a manhunt to a war-zone world to capture a one man weapon of mass destruction. As our heroes are propelled into an epic chess game of life and death love will be challenged friendships will be torn apart and sacrifices must be made for the only family Kirk has left: his crew. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction']
Fast Times at Ridgemont High 	 Follows a group of high school students growing up in southern California based on the real-life adventures chronicled by Cameron Crowe. Stacy Hamilton and Mark Ratner are looking for a love interest and are helped along by their older classmates Linda Barrett and Mike Damone respectively. The center of the film is held by Jeff Spicoli a perpetually stoned surfer dude who faces off with the resolute Mr. Hand who is convinced that everyone is on dope. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama']
I 	 In 2035 where robots are common-place and abide by the three laws of robotics a techno-phobic cop investigates an apparent suicide. Suspecting that a robot may be responsible for the death his investigation leads him to believe that humanity may be in danger. 	 ['Action', 'Science Fiction']
Casablanca 	 In Casablanca Morocco in December 1941 a cynical American expatriate meets a former lover with unforeseen complications. 	 ['Drama', 'Romance']
Catch Me If You Can 	 A true story about Frank Abagnale Jr. who before his 19th birthday successfully conned millions of dollars worth of checks as a Pan Am pilot doctor and legal prosecutor. An FBI agent makes it his mission to put him behind bars. But Frank not only eludes capture he revels in the pursuit. 	 ['Drama', 'Crime']
Pocahontas II: Journey to a New World 	 When news of John Smith's death reaches America Pocahontas is devastated. She sets off to London with John Rolfe to meet with the King of England on a diplomatic mission: to create peace and respect between the two great lands. However Governor Ratcliffe is still around; he wants to return to Jamestown and take over. He will stop at nothing to discredit the young princess. 	 ['Adventure', 'Animation', 'Romance', 'Family']
Arbitrage 	 A troubled hedge fund magnate desperate to complete the sale of his trading empire makes an error that forces him to turn to an unlikely person for help. 	 ['Drama', 'Thriller']
Finding Nemo 	 Nemo an adventurous young clownfish is unexpectedly taken from his Great Barrier Reef home to a dentist's office aquarium. It's up to his worrisome father Marlin and a friendly but forgetful fish Dory to bring Nemo home -- meeting vegetarian sharks surfer dude turtles hypnotic jellyfish hungry seagulls and more along the way. 	 ['Animation', 'Family']
The Bourne Ultimatum 	 Bourne is brought out of hiding once again by reporter Simon Ross who is trying to unveil Operation Blackbriar an upgrade to Project Treadstone in a series of newspaper columns. Information from the reporter stirs a new set of memories and Bourne must finally uncover his dark past while dodging The Company's best efforts to eradicate him. 	 ['Action', 'Drama', 'Mystery', 'Thriller']
Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge 	 Raj is a rich carefree happy-go-lucky second generation NRI. Simran is the daughter of Chaudhary Baldev Singh who in spite of being an NRI is very strict about adherence to Indian values. Simran has left for India to be married to her childhood fiancé. Raj leaves for India with a mission at his hands to claim his lady love under the noses of her whole family. Thus begins a saga. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama', 'Romance']
Into the Dark: I'm Just F*cking with You 	 Siblings headed to a family wedding endure a night of increasingly frightening practical jokes while staying at a secluded motel. 	 ['Horror', 'Comedy']
Shooter 	 A marksman living in exile is coaxed back into action after learning of a plot to kill the president. Ultimately double-crossed and framed for the attempt he goes on the run to track the real killer and find out who exactly set him up and why?? 	 ['Action', 'Drama', 'Mystery', 'Thriller', 'Crime']
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Dog Days 	 School is out and Greg is ready for the days of summer when all his plans go wrong. What on earth is he going to do all summer? 	 ['Comedy', 'Family']
Once Upon a Time in the West 	 A widow whose land and life are in danger as the railroad is getting closer and closer to taking them over. A mysterious harmonica player joins forces with a desperado to protect the woman and her land. 	 ['Western']
Mandy 	 The Shadow Mountains 1983. Red and Mandy lead a loving and peaceful existence; but when their pine-scented haven is savagely destroyed Red is catapulted into a phantasmagoric journey filled with bloody vengeance and laced with fire. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Horror', 'Fantasy', 'Mystery']
Justice League 	 Fuelled by his restored faith in humanity and inspired by Superman's selfless act Bruce Wayne and Diana Prince assemble a team of metahumans consisting of Barry Allen Arthur Curry and Victor Stone to face the catastrophic threat of Steppenwolf and the Parademons who are on the hunt for three Mother Boxes on Earth. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Science Fiction']
Man of Steel 	 A young boy learns that he has extraordinary powers and is not of this earth. As a young man he journeys to discover where he came from and what he was sent here to do. But the hero in him must emerge if he is to save the world from annihilation and become the symbol of hope for all mankind. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Science Fiction']
Dumb and Dumberer: When Harry Met Lloyd 	 This wacky prequel to the 1994 blockbuster goes back to the lame-brained Harry and Lloyd's days as classmates at a Rhode Island high school where the unprincipled principal puts the pair in remedial courses as part of a scheme to fleece the school. 	 ['Comedy']
Room 	 Six strangers find themselves in circumstances beyond their control and must use their wits to survive. 	 ['Thriller']
3some 	 In an attempt to help his friend with his impotence Jaime sets up two friends together. But after the failure he comes in to help. What first appeared to be just a sexual experience evolves to a full romantic relationship of three people. 	 ['Romance', 'Drama']
Snatch 	 The second film from British director Guy Ritchie. Snatch tells an obscure story similar to his first fast-paced crazy character-colliding filled film “Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels.” There are two overlapping stories here – one is the search for a stolen diamond and the other about a boxing promoter who’s having trouble with a psychotic gangster. 	 ['Thriller', 'Crime']
A View to a Kill 	 A newly developed microchip designed by Zorin Industries for the British Government that can survive the electromagnetic radiation caused by a nuclear explosion has landed in the hands of the KGB. James Bond must find out how and why. His suspicions soon lead him to big industry leader Max Zorin. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Thriller']
Shaun the Sheep Movie 	 When Shaun decides to take the day off and have some fun he gets a little more action than he bargained for. A mix up with the Farmer a caravan and a very steep hill lead them all to the Big City and it's up to Shaun and the flock to return everyone safely to the green grass of home. 	 ['Family', 'Animation', 'Comedy', 'Adventure']
Fantastic Four 	 Four young outsiders teleport to a dangerous universe which alters their physical form in shocking ways. Their lives irrevocably upended the team must learn to harness their daunting new abilities and work together to save Earth from a former friend turned enemy. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction']
Ice Age: Continental Drift 	 Manny Diego and Sid embark upon another adventure after their continent is set adrift. Using an iceberg as a ship they encounter sea creatures and battle pirates as they explore a new world. 	 ['Animation', 'Comedy', 'Adventure', 'Family']
Blue Film: Estimation 	 The film depicts the plight of a female office worker whose boss introduces to the world of pornographic films. 	 ['Animation', 'Comedy', 'Adventure', 'Family']
Stuart Little 	 The adventures of a heroic and debonair stalwart mouse named Stuart Little with human qualities who faces some comic misadventures while searching for his lost bird friend and living with a human family as their child. 	 ['Animation', 'Fantasy', 'Family', 'Comedy']
8 Mile 	 The setting is Detroit in 1995. The city is divided by 8 Mile a road that splits the town in half along racial lines. A young white rapper Jimmy "B-Rabbit" Smith Jr. summons strength within himself to cross over these arbitrary boundaries to fulfill his dream of success in hip hop. With his pal Future and the three one third in place all he has to do is not choke. 	 ['Drama', 'Music']
Walk. Ride. Rodeo. 	 Tells the incredible true story of Amberley Snyder a nationally ranked rodeo barrel racer who defies the odds after barely surviving a car accident that leaves her paralyzed from the waist down. 	 ['Drama']
The Mask 	 When timid bank clerk Stanley Ipkiss discovers a magical mask containing the spirit of the Norse god Loki his entire life changes. While wearing the mask Ipkiss becomes a supernatural playboy exuding charm and confidence which allows him to catch the eye of local nightclub singer Tina Carlyle. Unfortunately under the mask's influence Ipkiss also robs a bank which angers junior crime lord Dorian Tyrell whose goons get blamed for the heist. 	 ['Romance', 'Comedy', 'Crime', 'Fantasy']
Shrek 	 It ain't easy bein' green -- especially if you're a likable (albeit smelly) ogre named Shrek. On a mission to retrieve a gorgeous princess from the clutches of a fire-breathing dragon Shrek teams up with an unlikely compatriot -- a wisecracking donkey. 	 ['Adventure', 'Animation', 'Comedy', 'Family', 'Fantasy']
Teen Titans Go! To the Movies 	 All the major DC superheroes are starring in their own films all but the Teen Titans so Robin is determined to remedy this situation by getting over his role as a sidekick and becoming a movie star. Thus with a few madcap ideas and an inspirational song in their hearts the Teen Titans head to Hollywood to fulfill their dreams. 	 ['Animation', 'Action', 'Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Music', 'Science Fiction']
This Is the End 	 While attending a party at James Franco's house Seth Rogen Jay Baruchel and many other celebrities are faced with the apocalypse. 	 ['Action', 'Comedy']
The Titan 	 On a bleak future Earth a soldier endures a radical genetic transformation to save humanity. But his wife fears he's becoming more creature than man. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Thriller', 'Romance']
Unicorn Store 	 A woman named Kit moves back to her parent's house where she receives a mysterious invitation that would fulfill her childhood dreams. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Drama', 'Comedy']
It Follows 	 For 19-year-old Jay fall should be about school boys and weekends out at the lake. But a seemingly innocent physical encounter turns sour and gives her the inescapable sense that someone or something is following her. Faced with this burden Jay and her teenage friends must find a way to escape the horror that seems to be only a few steps behind. 	 ['Horror', 'Thriller']
Christopher Robin 	 Christopher Robin the boy who had countless adventures in the Hundred Acre Wood has grown up and lost his way. Now it’s up to his spirited and loveable stuffed animals Winnie The Pooh Tigger Piglet and the rest of the gang to rekindle their friendship and remind him of endless days of childlike wonder and make-believe when doing nothing was the very best something. 	 ['Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Family', 'Fantasy']
Black '47 	 In 1847 when Ireland is in the grip of the Great Famine that has ravaged the country for two long years Feeney a hardened Irish Ranger who has been fighting for the British Army abroad returns home to reunite with his estranged family only to discover the cruelest reality a black land where death reigns. 	 ['Drama', 'Western']
Never Say Never Again 	 James Bond returns as the secret agent 007 one more time to battle the evil organization SPECTRE. Bond must defeat Largo who has stolen two atomic warheads for nuclear blackmail. But Bond has an ally in Largo's girlfriend the willowy Domino who falls for Bond and seeks revenge. This is the last time for Sean Connery as Her Majesty's Secret Agent 007. Made outside of the traditional Broccoli production environment due to separate rights having been obtained for this specific Ian Fleming story. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Thriller']
Step Up Revolution 	 Emily arrives in Miami with aspirations to become a professional dancer. She sparks with Sean the leader of a dance crew whose neighborhood is threatened by Emily's father's development plans. 	 ['Music', 'Drama', 'Romance']
Rambo: First Blood Part II 	 John Rambo is released from prison by the government for a top-secret covert mission to the last place on Earth he'd want to return - the jungles of Vietnam. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Thriller', 'War']
Flushed Away 	 London high-society mouse Roddy is flushed down the toilet by Sid a common sewer rat. Hang on for a madcap adventure deep in the sewer bowels of Ratropolis where Roddy meets the resourceful Rita the rodent-hating Toad and his faithful thugs Spike and Whitey. 	 ['Adventure', 'Animation', 'Comedy', 'Family']
Reign of the Supermen 	 In the wake of The Death of Superman the world is still mourning the loss of the Man of Steel following his fatal battle with the monster Doomsday. However no sooner as his body been laid to rest than do four new bearers of the Superman shield come forward to take on the mantle. The Last Son of Krypton Superboy Steel and the Cyborg Superman all attempt to fill the vacuum left by the world's greatest champion. Meanwhile Superman's death has also signaled to the universe that Earth is vulnerable. Can these new Supermen and the rest of the heroes prove them wrong? 	 ['Animation', 'Action', 'Science Fiction']
The Greatest Showman 	 The story of American showman P.T. Barnum founder of the circus that became the famous traveling Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus. 	 ['Drama']
The Prince of Egypt 	 This is the extraordinary tale of two brothers named Moses and Ramses one born of royal blood and one an orphan with a secret past. Growing up the best of friends they share a strong bond of free-spirited youth and good-natured rivalry. But the truth will ultimately set them at odds as one becomes the ruler of the most powerful empire on earth and the other the chosen leader of his people! Their final confrontation will forever change their lives and the world. 	 ['Adventure', 'Animation', 'Drama', 'Family', 'Music', 'Comedy']
Planet of the Apes 	 After a spectacular crash-landing on an uncharted planet brash astronaut Leo Davidson finds himself trapped in a savage world where talking apes dominate the human race. Desperate to find a way home Leo must evade the invincible gorilla army led by Ruthless General Thade. 	 ['Thriller', 'Science Fiction', 'Action', 'Adventure']
In the Name of the King: A Dungeon Siege Tale 	 A man named Farmer sets out to rescue his kidnapped wife and avenge the death of his son -- two acts committed by the Krugs a race of animal-warriors who are controlled by the evil Gallian. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Action', 'Drama']
Only God Forgives 	 Julian who runs a Thai boxing club as a front organization for his family's drug smuggling operation is forced by his mother Crystal to find and kill the individual responsible for his brother's recent death. 	 ['Drama', 'Thriller', 'Crime']
Unbreakable 	 An ordinary man makes an extraordinary discovery when a train accident leaves his fellow passengers dead — and him unscathed. The answer to this mystery could lie with the mysterious Elijah Price a man who suffers from a disease that renders his bones as fragile as glass. 	 ['Thriller', 'Drama', 'Fantasy', 'Science Fiction', 'Mystery']
Brooklyn 	 In 1950s Ireland and New York young Ellis Lacey has to choose between two men and two countries. 	 ['Drama', 'Romance']
Still Alice 	 Alice Howland happily married with three grown children is a renowned linguistics professor who starts to forget words. When she receives a devastating diagnosis Alice and her family find their bonds tested. 	 ['Drama']
StreetDance 2 	 After suffering humiliation by the crew Invincible street dancer Ash  looks to gather the best dancers from around the world for a rematch. 	 ['Drama', 'Romance', 'Music']
Heat 	 Obsessive master thief Neil McCauley leads a top-notch crew on various daring heists throughout Los Angeles while determined detective Vincent Hanna pursues him without rest. Each man recognizes and respects the ability and the dedication of the other even though they are aware their cat-and-mouse game may end in violence. 	 ['Action', 'Crime', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
Seventh Son 	 John Gregory who is a seventh son of a seventh son and also the local spook has protected the country from witches boggarts ghouls and all manner of things that go bump in the night. However John is not young anymore and has been seeking an apprentice to carry on his trade. Most have failed to survive. The last hope is a young farmer's son named Thomas Ward. Will he survive the training to become the spook that so many others couldn't? 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy']
Tscharniblues II 	 Bern 1979: a tower block called Tscharnergut. Together with a few friends (among them famous Swiss actor Stefan Kurt) director Aron Nick's father and uncle shoot the idealistic Super 8 film "Dr Tscharniblues" ("The Tscharni Blues") – a wild unvarnished self-portrait of their generation. 40 years later Nick gathers the friends at Tscharnergut and asks what has happened to them and their ideals in the meantime. What have the achieved? What have they lost? Past present and future clash and form a journey of personal disappointments hopes and a collective search for identity. In "Tscharniblues II Aron Nick discovers a kind of friendship that can weather anything.
keywords 	 ['Documentary']
Trainwreck 	 Having thought that monogamy was never possible a commitment-phobic career woman may have to face her fears when she meets a good guy. 	 ['Comedy', 'Romance']
Confessions of a Shopaholic 	 In the glamorous world of New York City Rebecca Bloomwood is a fun-loving girl who is really good at shopping-a little too good perhaps. She dreams of working for her favorite fashion magazine but can't quite get her foot in the door-until ironically she snags a job as an advice columnist for a financial magazine published by the same company. 	 ['Comedy', 'Romance']
The Theory of Everything 	 The Theory of Everything is the extraordinary story of one of the world’s greatest living minds the renowned astrophysicist Stephen Hawking who falls deeply in love with fellow Cambridge student Jane Wilde. 	 ['Drama', 'Romance']
Flatliners 	 Five medical students hoping to gain insight into the mystery of what lies beyond the confines of life embark on a daring and dangerous experiment. By stopping their hearts for short periods of time each triggers a near-death experience. As the investigation becomes more and more perilous they are forced to confront the sins of their pasts as well as contend with the paranormal consequences of trespassing to the other side. 	 ['Drama', 'Science Fiction']
Jurassic Park 	 A wealthy entrepreneur secretly creates a theme park featuring living dinosaurs drawn from prehistoric DNA. Before opening day he invites a team of experts and his two eager grandchildren to experience the park and help calm anxious investors. However the park is anything but amusing as the security systems go off-line and the dinosaurs escape. 	 ['Adventure', 'Science Fiction']
StreetDance 3D 	 In order to win the Street Dance Championships a dance crew is forced to work with ballet dancers from the Royal Dance School in exchange for rehearsal space. 	 ['Drama', 'Music']
Wanted 	 Doormat Wesley Gibson discovers that his recently murdered father – who Wesley never knew – belonged to a secret guild of assassins. After a leather-clad sexpot drafts Wesley into the society he hones his innate killing skills and turns avenger. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Crime']
San Andreas 	 In the aftermath of a massive earthquake in California a rescue-chopper pilot makes a dangerous journey across the state in order to rescue his estranged daughter. 	 ['Action', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King 	 Aragorn is revealed as the heir to the ancient kings as he Gandalf and the other members of the broken fellowship struggle to save Gondor from Sauron's forces. Meanwhile Frodo and Sam bring the ring closer to the heart of Mordor the dark lord's realm. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Action']
The Accordionist's Son 	 Two men are forced to face their dark past as part of the Basque separatist movement of the 1960s. 	 ['Drama']
Mrs. Doubtfire 	 Loving but irresponsible dad Daniel Hillard estranged from his exasperated spouse is crushed by a court order allowing only weekly visits with his kids. When Daniel learns his ex needs a housekeeper he gets the job -- disguised as an English nanny. Soon he becomes not only his children's best pal but the kind of parent he should have been from the start. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama', 'Family']
Christiane F. 	 This movie portrays the drug scene in Berlin in the 70s following tape recordings of Christiane F. 14 years old Christiane lives with her mother and little sister in a typical multi-storey apartment building in Berlin. She's fascinated by the 'Sound' a new disco with most modern equipment. Although she's legally too young she asks a friend to take her. There she meets Detlef who's in a clique where everybody's on drugs. Step by step she gets drawn deeper into the scene. 	 ['Drama']
The Commuter 	 A businessman on his daily commute home gets unwittingly caught up in a criminal conspiracy that threatens not only his life but the lives of those around him. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller']
Octopussy 	 James Bond is sent to investigate after a fellow “00” agent is found dead with a priceless Fabergé egg. James Bond follows the mystery and uncovers a smuggling scandal and a Russian General who wants to provoke a new World War. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Thriller']
Cinderella II: Dreams Come True 	 As a newly crowned princess Cinderella quickly learns that life at the Palace - and her royal responsibilities - are more challenging than she had imagined. In three heartwarming tales Cinderella calls on her animal friends and her Fairy Godmother to help as she brings her own grace and charm to her regal role and discovers that being true to yourself is the best way to make your dreams come true. 	 ['Family', 'Animation', 'Romance', 'Fantasy']
Aquaman 	 Once home to the most advanced civilization on Earth Atlantis is now an underwater kingdom ruled by the power-hungry King Orm. With a vast army at his disposal Orm plans to conquer the remaining oceanic people and then the surface world. Standing in his way is Arthur Curry Orm's half-human half-Atlantean brother and true heir to the throne. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Science Fiction']
I Still See You 	 A spellbinding and romantic supernatural thriller. Ten years after an apocalyptic event left the world haunted by ghosts Roni receives a threatening message from beyond the grave. Joining forces with a mysterious classmate Kirk Roni descends into a shadow world that blurs the bounds of the living and the dead-and begins a desperate race against time to stop a cunning killer. 	 ['Thriller', 'Fantasy']
Vacation 	 Hoping to bring his family closer together and to recreate his childhood vacation for his own kids a grown up Rusty Griswold takes his wife and their two sons on a cross-country road trip to the coolest theme park in America Walley World. Needless to say things don't go quite as planned. 	 ['Comedy']
The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion 	 Siblings Lucy Edmund Susan and Peter step through a magical wardrobe and find the land of Narnia. There the they discover a charming once peaceful kingdom that has been plunged into eternal winter by the evil White Witch Jadis. Aided by the wise and magnificent lion Aslan the children lead Narnia into a spectacular climactic battle to be free of the Witch's glacial powers forever. 	 ['Adventure', 'Family', 'Fantasy']
Mary Poppins Returns 	 In Depression-era London a now-grown Jane and Michael Banks along with Michael's three children are visited by the enigmatic Mary Poppins following a personal loss. Through her unique magical skills and with the aid of her friend Jack she helps the family rediscover the joy and wonder missing in their lives. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Family', 'Comedy']
47 Ronin 	 Kai—an outcast—joins Oishi the leader of 47 outcast samurai.  Together they seek vengeance upon the treacherous overlord who killed their master and banished their kind.  To restore honour to their homeland the warriors embark upon a quest that challenges them with a series of trials that would destroy ordinary warriors. 	 ['Drama', 'Action', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy']
The Good Dinosaur 	 An epic journey into the world of dinosaurs where an Apatosaurus named Arlo makes an unlikely human friend. 	 ['Adventure', 'Animation', 'Family']
The Man from U.N.C.L.E. 	 At the height of the Cold War a mysterious criminal organization plans to use nuclear weapons and technology to upset the fragile balance of power between the United States and Soviet Union. CIA agent Napoleon Solo and KGB agent Illya Kuryakin are forced to put aside their hostilities and work together to stop the evildoers in their tracks. The duo's only lead is the daughter of a missing German scientist whom they must find soon to prevent a global catastrophe. 	 ['Comedy', 'Action', 'Adventure']
The Lobster 	 In a dystopian near future single people according to the laws of The City are taken to The Hotel where they are obliged to find a romantic partner in forty-five days or are transformed into beasts and sent off into The Woods. 	 ['Thriller', 'Comedy', 'Drama', 'Romance', 'Science Fiction']
Athiran 	 In an isolated hospital in the high ranges of Kerala an autistic patient with special skills piques the interest of a psychiatrist whose investigation into her past leads to startling revelations 	 ['Romance', 'Thriller']
Batman Forever 	 The Dark Knight of Gotham City confronts a dastardly duo: Two-Face and the Riddler. Formerly District Attorney Harvey Dent Two-Face believes Batman caused the courtroom accident which left him disfigured on one side. And Edward Nygma computer-genius and former employee of millionaire Bruce Wayne is out to get the philanthropist; as The Riddler. Former circus acrobat Dick Grayson his family killed by Two-Face becomes Wayne's ward and Batman's new partner Robin. 	 ['Action', 'Crime', 'Fantasy']
Paul Blart: Mall Cop 2 	 Security guard Paul Blart is headed to Las Vegas to attend a Security Guard Expo with his teenage daughter Maya before she departs for college. While at the convention he inadvertently discovers a heist - and it's up to Blart to apprehend the criminals. 	 ['Action', 'Comedy', 'Family']
Night School 	 Teddy Walker is a successful salesman whose life takes an unexpected turn when he accidentally blows up his place of employment. Forced to attend night school to get his GED Teddy soon finds himself dealing with a group of misfit students his former high school nemesis and a feisty teacher who doesn't think he's too bright. 	 ['Comedy']
Dumb and Dumber 	 Lloyd and Harry are two men whose stupidity is really indescribable. When Mary a beautiful woman loses an important suitcase with money before she leaves for Aspen the two friends (who have found the suitcase) decide to return it to her. After some "adventures" they finally get to Aspen where using the lost money they live it up and fight for Mary's heart. 	 ['Comedy']
Border 	 It's 1971 and 2000 members of the Pakistani Army—armed with tanks—are at war with just 150 men in a battalion of Indian soldiers based in the Longewala region of Punjab. 	 ['Action', 'History']
Den of Thieves 	 A gritty crime saga which follows the lives of an elite unit of the LA County Sheriff’s Dept. and the state’s most successful bank robbery crew as the outlaws plan a seemingly impossible heist on the Federal Reserve Bank. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Crime']
Megamind 	 Bumbling supervillain Megamind finally defeats his nemesis the superhero Metro Man. But without a hero he loses all purpose and must find new meaning to his life. 	 ['Animation', 'Action', 'Comedy', 'Family', 'Science Fiction']
Shrek Forever After 	 A bored and domesticated Shrek pacts with deal-maker Rumpelstiltskin to get back to feeling like a real ogre again but when he's duped and sent to a twisted version of Far Far Away—where Rumpelstiltskin is king ogres are hunted and he and Fiona have never met—he sets out to restore his world and reclaim his true love. 	 ['Comedy', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Animation', 'Family']
Beauty and the Beast 	 A live-action adaptation of Disney's version of the classic tale of a cursed prince and a beautiful young woman who helps him break the spell. 	 ['Family', 'Fantasy', 'Romance']
The Golden Compass 	 After overhearing a shocking secret precocious orphan Lyra Belacqua trades her carefree existence roaming the halls of Jordan College for an otherworldly adventure in the far North unaware that it's part of her destiny. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy']
Hidden Figures 	 The untold story of Katherine G. Johnson Dorothy Vaughan and Mary Jackson – brilliant African-American women working at NASA and serving as the brains behind one of the greatest operations in history – the launch of astronaut John Glenn into orbit. The visionary trio crossed all gender and race lines to inspire generations to dream big. 	 ['Drama', 'History']
Camp Rock 2: The Final Jam 	 Mitchie can't wait to go back to Camp Rock and spend the summer making new music with her friends and superstar Shane Gray. But the slick new camp across the lake Camp Star has drummed up some serious competition — featuring newcomers Luke (Matthew "Mdot" Finley) and Dana (Chloe Bridges). In a sensational battle of the bands with Camp Rock's future at stake will Camp Star's flashy production and over-the-top antics win out or will Camp Rockers prove that music teamwork and spirit are what truly matter? 	 ['Comedy', 'Music', 'TV Movie']
Red Sparrow 	 Prima ballerina Dominika Egorova faces a bleak and uncertain future after she suffers an injury that ends her career. She soon turns to Sparrow School a secret intelligence service that trains exceptional young people to use their minds and bodies as weapons. Dominika emerges as the most dangerous Sparrow after completing the sadistic training process. As she comes to terms with her new abilities she meets a CIA agent who tries to convince her that he is the only person she can trust. 	 ['Mystery', 'Thriller']
Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer 	 Sam the snowman tells us the story of a young red-nosed reindeer who after being ousted from the reindeer games because of his glowing nose teams up with Hermey an elf who wants to be a dentist and Yukon Cornelius the prospector. They run into the Abominable Snowman and find a whole island of misfit toys. Rudoph vows to see if he can get Santa to help the toys and he goes back to the North Pole on Christmas Eve. But Santa's sleigh is fogged in. But when Santa looks over Rudolph he gets a very bright idea... 	 ['Animation', 'Family', 'TV Movie']
Rampage 	 Primatologist Davis Okoye shares an unshakable bond with George the extraordinarily intelligent silverback gorilla who has been in his care since birth.  But a rogue genetic experiment gone awry mutates this gentle ape into a raging creature of enormous size.  To make matters worse it’s soon discovered there are other similarly altered animals.  As these newly created alpha predators tear across North America destroying everything in their path Okoye teams with a discredited genetic engineer to secure an antidote fighting his way through an ever-changing battlefield not only to halt a global catastrophe but to save the fearsome creature that was once his friend. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction', 'Fantasy']
Alice in Wonderland 	 Alice an unpretentious and individual 19-year-old is betrothed to a dunce of an English nobleman. At her engagement party she escapes the crowd to consider whether to go through with the marriage and falls down a hole in the garden after spotting an unusual rabbit. Arriving in a strange and surreal place called 'Underland' she finds herself in a world that resembles the nightmares she had as a child filled with talking animals villainous queens and knights and frumious bandersnatches. Alice realizes that she is there for a reason – to conquer the horrific Jabberwocky and restore the rightful queen to her throne. 	 ['Family', 'Fantasy', 'Adventure']
Rogue One: A Star Wars Story 	 A rogue band of resistance fighters unite for a mission to steal the Death Star plans and bring a new hope to the galaxy. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction']
Pocahontas 	 Pocahontas daughter of a Native American tribe chief falls in love with an English soldier as colonists invade 17th century Virginia. 	 ['Adventure', 'Animation', 'Family', 'Romance']
Allied 	 In 1942 an intelligence officer in North Africa encounters a female French Resistance fighter on a deadly mission behind enemy lines. When they reunite in London their relationship is tested by the pressures of war. 	 ['Action', 'Drama', 'War', 'Romance', 'Thriller']
Southpaw 	 Billy "The Great" Hope the reigning junior middleweight boxing champion has an impressive career a loving wife and daughter and a lavish lifestyle. However when tragedy strikes Billy hits rock bottom losing his family his house and his manager. He soon finds an unlikely savior in Tick Willis a former fighter who trains the city's toughest amateur boxers. With his future on the line Hope fights to reclaim the trust of those he loves the most. 	 ['Action', 'Drama']
Into the Woods 	 In a woods filled with magic and fairy tale characters a baker and his wife set out to end the curse put on them by their neighbor a spiteful witch. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Comedy']
The Princess Switch 	 When a down-to-earth Chicago baker and a soon-to-be princess discover they look like twins they hatch a Christmastime plan to trade places. 	 ['Romance']
Prometheus 	 A team of explorers discover a clue to the origins of mankind on Earth leading them on a journey to the darkest corners of the universe. There they must fight a terrifying battle to save the future of the human race. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Adventure', 'Mystery']
The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel 	 British retirees travel to India to take up residence in what they believe is a newly restored hotel. Less luxurious than its advertisements the Marigold Hotel nevertheless slowly begins to charm in unexpected ways as the residents find new purpose in their old age. 	 ['Drama', 'Comedy']
Shrek the Third 	 The King of Far Far Away has died and Shrek and Fiona are to become King &amp; Queen. However Shrek wants to return to his cozy swamp and live in peace and quiet so when he finds out there is another heir to the throne they set off to bring him back to rule the kingdom. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Adventure', 'Animation', 'Comedy', 'Family']
Ferris Bueller's Day Off 	 A high school slacker pretends to be sick to skip school and have an exciting day off alongside his girlfriend and his best buddy through Chicago while trying to outwit his obsessive school principal and his unconformited sister along the way. 	 ['Comedy']
Iron Man 	 After being held captive in an Afghan cave billionaire engineer Tony Stark creates a unique weaponized suit of armor to fight evil. 	 ['Action', 'Science Fiction', 'Adventure']
The Game 	 In honor of his birthday San Francisco banker Nicholas Van Orton a financial genius and a coldhearted loner receives an unusual present from his younger brother Conrad -- a gift certificate to play a unique kind of game. In nearly a nanosecond Nicholas finds himself consumed by a dangerous set of ever-changing rules unable to distinguish where the charade ends and reality begins. 	 ['Drama', 'Thriller', 'Mystery']
(500) Days of Summer 	 Tom greeting-card writer and hopeless romantic is caught completely off-guard when his girlfriend Summer suddenly dumps him. He reflects on their 500 days together to try to figure out where their love affair went sour and in doing so Tom rediscovers his true passions in life. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama', 'Romance']
Tinker Bell and the Pirate Fairy 	 Zarina a smart and ambitious dust-keeper fairy who’s captivated by Blue Pixie Dust and its endless possibilities flees Pixie Hollow and joins forces with the scheming pirates of Skull Rock who make her captain of their ship. Tinker Bell and her friends must embark on an epic adventure to find Zarina and together they go sword-to-sword with the band of pirates led by a cabin boy named James who’ll soon be known as Captain Hook himself. 	 ['Animation', 'Family']
Licence to Kill 	 When drug lord Franz Sanchez exacts his brutal vengeance on Bond's friend Felix Leiter 007 resigns from the British Secret Service and begins a fierce vendetta against the master criminal. Bond won't be satisfied until Sanchez is defeated and to accomplish this aim he allies himself with a beautiful pilot and Sanchez's sexy girlfriend. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Thriller']
Mr. Holmes 	 The story is set in 1947 following a long-retired Holmes living in a Sussex village with his housekeeper and rising detective son. But then he finds himself haunted by an unsolved 50-year old case. Holmes' memory isn't what it used to be so he only remembers fragments of the case: a confrontation with an angry husband a secret bond with his beautiful but unstable wife. 	 ['Drama', 'Mystery']
Johnny English Reborn 	 The most prominent heads of state in the world begin gathering for a conference that could have a major impact on global politics. When MI-7 receives word that the Chinese premier has become the target of some high-powered killers it falls on Johnny English to save the day. Armed with the latest high-tech weaponry and gadgets that would make even James Bond jealous the once-disgraced agent uncovers evidence of a massive conspiracy involving some of the world's most powerful organisations and vows to redeem his tarnished reputation by stopping the killers before they can strike. 	 ['Crime', 'Adventure', 'Action', 'Comedy', 'Thriller']
A Wrinkle in Time 	 After the disappearance of her scientist father three peculiar beings send Meg her brother and her friend to space in order to find him. 	 ['Adventure', 'Science Fiction', 'Family', 'Fantasy']
The Shallows 	 When Nancy is surfing on a secluded beach she finds herself on the feeding ground of a great white shark. Though she is stranded only 200 yards from shore survival proves to be the ultimate test of wills requiring all of Nancy's ingenuity resourcefulness and fortitude. 	 ['Horror', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
Mine 9 	 Two miles into the earth nine Appalachian miners struggle to survive after a methane explosion leaves them with one hour of oxygen. 	 ['Drama', 'Thriller']
Star Wars: The Force Awakens 	 Thirty years after defeating the Galactic Empire Han Solo and his allies face a new threat from the evil Kylo Ren and his army of Stormtroopers. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction', 'Fantasy']
Daddy's Home 2 	 Brad and Dusty must deal with their intrusive fathers during the holidays. 	 ['Comedy']
Romy and Michele's High School Reunion 	 Two not-too-bright party girls reinvent themselves for their high school reunion. Armed with a borrowed Jaguar new clothes and the story of their success as the inventors of Post-It notes Romy and Michele descend on their alma mater but their façade crumbles quickly. 	 ['Comedy']
The Conjuring 	 Paranormal investigators Ed and Lorraine Warren work to help a family terrorized by a dark presence in their farmhouse. Forced to confront a powerful entity the Warrens find themselves caught in the most terrifying case of their lives. 	 ['Horror', 'Thriller']
10 Cloverfield Lane 	 After getting in a car accident a woman is held in a shelter with two men who claim the outside world is affected by a widespread chemical attack. 	 ['Thriller', 'Science Fiction', 'Drama']
Piranha 3DD 	 After the events at Lake Victoria the prehistoric school of blood-thirsty piranhas make their way into swimming pools plumbing and a newly opened water park. 	 ['Horror', 'Thriller', 'Comedy']
The Truman Show 	 Truman Burbank is the star of "The Truman Show" a 24-hour-a-day "reality" TV show that broadcasts every aspect of his life -- live and in color -- without his knowledge. His entire life has been an unending soap opera for consumption by the rest of the world. And everyone he knows -- including his wife and his best friend -- is really an actor paid to be part of his life. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama']
My Neighbor Totoro 	 Two sisters move to the country with their father in order to be closer to their hospitalized mother and discover the surrounding trees are inhabited by Totoros magical spirits of the forest. When the youngest runs away from home the older sister seeks help from the spirits to find her. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Animation', 'Family']
Skyscraper 	 Framed and on the run a former FBI agent must save his family from a blazing fire in the world's tallest building. 	 ['Action']
Paranormal Activity: The Marked Ones 	 Seventeen-year-old Jesse has been hearing terrifying sounds coming from his neighbor’s apartment but when he turns on his camera and sets out to uncover their source he encounters an ancient evil that won’t rest until it’s claimed his very soul. 	 ['Horror', 'Thriller']
The Sorcerer's Apprentice 	 Balthazar Blake is a master sorcerer in modern-day Manhattan trying to defend the city from his arch-nemesis Maxim Horvath. Balthazar can't do it alone so he recruits Dave Stutler a seemingly average guy who demonstrates hidden potential as his reluctant protégé. The sorcerer gives his unwilling accomplice a crash course in the art and science of magic and together these unlikely partners work to stop the forces of darkness. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Adventure', 'Action', 'Comedy', 'Drama']
LelleBelle 	 19-year old Belle practices playing the violin diligently but is unable to impart her music with a sensitive undertone. Her life changes when she discovers that sexual desire stimulates passion in her music. 	 ['Music', 'Romance']
Spy 	 A desk-bound CIA analyst volunteers to go undercover to infiltrate the world of a deadly arms dealer and prevent diabolical global disaster. 	 ['Action', 'Comedy', 'Crime']
The Adjustment Bureau 	 A man glimpses the future Fate has planned for him – and chooses to fight for his own destiny. Battling the powerful Adjustment Bureau across under and through the streets of New York he risks his destined greatness to be with the only woman he's ever loved. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Thriller', 'Romance']
The Virgin Suicides 	 A group of male friends become obsessed with five mysterious sisters who are sheltered by their strict religious parents. 	 ['Drama', 'Romance']
Joker 	 During the 1980s a failed stand-up comedian is driven insane and turns to a life of crime and chaos in Gotham City while becoming an infamous psychopathic crime figure. 	 ['Crime', 'Thriller', 'Drama']
Tout contre elle 	 Girlfriend or enemy? Does the young cleaning lady Alice really want to protect the well-heeled Hélène from a scandal or rather blackmail her? In any case Alice not only found her lifeless body and Hélène's wallet in her employer Svende Petersen's home but also video footage that weighed heavily on Hélène. Because the married to a budding Member Hélène has fled without help from the apartment of her lover when she became aware that Svende no longer breathes. But now Alice knows her secret. It becomes Hélène's menacing shadow ... 	 ['Drama', 'Thriller', 'TV Movie']
Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom 	 Three years after the demise of Jurassic World a volcanic eruption threatens the remaining dinosaurs on the isla Nublar so Claire Dearing the former park manager recruits Owen Grady to help prevent the extinction of the dinosaurs once again. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction']
Captain America: The Winter Soldier 	 After the cataclysmic events in New York with The Avengers Steve Rogers aka Captain America is living quietly in Washington D.C. and trying to adjust to the modern world. But when a S.H.I.E.L.D. colleague comes under attack Steve becomes embroiled in a web of intrigue that threatens to put the world at risk. Joining forces with the Black Widow Captain America struggles to expose the ever-widening conspiracy while fighting off professional assassins sent to silence him at every turn. When the full scope of the villainous plot is revealed Captain America and the Black Widow enlist the help of a new ally the Falcon. However they soon find themselves up against an unexpected and formidable enemy—the Winter Soldier. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction']
Bridge to Terabithia 	 Jesse Aarons trained all summer to become the fastest runner in school so he's very upset when newcomer Leslie Burke outruns him and everyone else. Despite this and other differences including that she's rich he's poor and she's a city girl he's a country boy the two become fast friends. Together they create Terabithia a land of monsters trolls ogres and giants and rule as king and queen. 	 ['Adventure', 'Drama', 'Family']
RoboWoman 	 On her last day at a temp agency Vivica Stevens is attacked beaten and left for dead by a co-worker and his friends. Through the use of futuristic “cybernetic” upgrades she tracks down her assailants to execute bloody revenge. 	 ['Science Fiction']
Alvin and the Chipmunks: Chipwrecked 	 Playing around while aboard a cruise ship the Chipmunks and Chipettes accidentally go overboard and end up marooned in a tropical paradise. They discover their new turf is not as deserted as it seems. 	 ['Comedy', 'Fantasy', 'Family', 'Music', 'Animation']
E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial 	 After a gentle alien becomes stranded on Earth the being is discovered and befriended by a young boy named Elliott. Bringing the extraterrestrial into his suburban California house Elliott introduces E.T. as the alien is dubbed to his brother and his little sister Gertie and the children decide to keep its existence a secret. Soon however E.T. falls ill resulting in government intervention and a dire situation for both Elliott and the alien. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Adventure', 'Family', 'Fantasy']
Redcon-1 	 After a zombie apocalypse spreads from a London prison the UK is brought to its knees. The spread of the virus is temporarily contained but without a cure it’s only a matter of time before it breaks its boundaries and the biggest problem of all… any zombies with combat skills are now enhanced. With the South East of England quarantined from the rest of the world using fortified borders intelligence finds that the scientist responsible for the outbreak is alive and well in London. With his recovery being the only hope of a cure a squad of eight Special Forces soldiers is sent on a suicide mission to the city now ruled by the undead with a single task: get him out alive within 72 hours by any means necessary. What emerges is an unlikely pairing on a course to save humanity against ever-rising odds. 	 ['Action', 'Horror']
Replicas 	 A scientist becomes obsessed with returning his family to normalcy after a terrible accident. 	 ['Thriller', 'Science Fiction']
Star Wars: The Last Jedi 	 Rey develops her newly discovered abilities with the guidance of Luke Skywalker who is unsettled by the strength of her powers. Meanwhile the Resistance prepares to do battle with the First Order. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction', 'Action']
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button 	 Tells the story of Benjamin Button a man who starts aging backwards with bizarre consequences. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Drama', 'Thriller', 'Mystery', 'Romance']
You Don't Mess with the Zohan 	 An Israeli counterterrorism soldier with a secretly fabulous ambition to become a Manhattan hairstylist. Zohan's desire runs so deep that he'll do anything -- including faking his own death and going head-to-head with an Arab cab driver -- to make his dreams come true. 	 ['Comedy', 'Action']
RoboCop 	 In a violent near-apocalyptic Detroit evil corporation Omni Consumer Products wins a contract from the city government to privatize the police force. To test their crime-eradicating cyborgs the company leads street cop Alex Murphy into an armed confrontation with crime lord Boddicker so they can use his body to support their untested RoboCop prototype. But when RoboCop learns of the company's nefarious plans he turns on his masters. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Science Fiction']
Triple 9 	 A gang of criminals and corrupt cops plan the murder of a police officer in order to pull off their biggest heist yet across town. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Mystery']
Book Club 	 Four lifelong friends have their lives forever changed after reading Fifty Shades of Grey in their monthly book club. 	 ['Comedy', 'Romance', 'Drama']
Serenity 	 Baker Dill is a fishing boat captain leading tours off a tranquil tropical enclave called Plymouth Island. His quiet life is shattered however when his ex-wife Karen tracks him down with a desperate plea for help. 	 ['Thriller', 'Drama', 'Mystery', 'Science Fiction']
The Extraordinary Journey of the Fakir 	 The story of Ajatashatru Oghash Rathod a fakir who tricks his local village in Rajasthan India into believing his possesses special powers and into paying him to fly to Paris to buy a bed of nails from an Ikea store. 	 ['Comedy']
Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides 	 Captain Jack Sparrow crosses paths with a woman from his past and he's not sure if it's love -- or if she's a ruthless con artist who's using him to find the fabled Fountain of Youth. When she forces him aboard the Queen Anne's Revenge the ship of the formidable pirate Blackbeard Jack finds himself on an unexpected adventure in which he doesn't know who to fear more: Blackbeard or the woman from his past. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Fantasy']
Hugo 	 Orphaned and alone except for an uncle Hugo Cabret lives in the walls of a train station in 1930s Paris. Hugo's job is to oil and maintain the station's clocks but to him his more important task is to protect a broken automaton and notebook left to him by his late father. Accompanied by the goddaughter of an embittered toy merchant Hugo embarks on a quest to solve the mystery of the automaton and find a place he can call home. 	 ['Adventure', 'Drama', 'Family']
First Man 	 A look at the life of the astronaut Neil Armstrong and the legendary space mission that led him to become the first man to walk on the Moon on July 20 1969. 	 ['History', 'Drama']
Treasure Planet 	 When space galleon cabin boy Jim Hawkins discovers a map to an intergalactic "loot of a thousand worlds a cyborg cook named John Silver teaches him to battle supernovas and space storms. But, soon, Jim realizes Silver is a pirate intent on mutiny!
keywords 	 ['Adventure', 'Animation', 'Family', 'Fantasy', 'Science Fiction']
Toy Story 3 	 Woody Buzz and the rest of Andy's toys haven't been played with in years. With Andy about to go to college the gang find themselves accidentally left at a nefarious day care center. The toys must band together to escape and return home to Andy. 	 ['Animation', 'Family', 'Comedy']
Vice 	 George W. Bush picks Dick Cheney the CEO of Halliburton Co. to be his Republican running mate in the 2000 presidential election. No stranger to politics Cheney's impressive résumé includes stints as White House chief of staff House Minority Whip and defense secretary. When Bush wins by a narrow margin Cheney begins to use his newfound power to help reshape the country and the world. 	 ['Drama', 'History', 'Comedy']
RED 2 	 Retired C.I.A. agent Frank Moses reunites his unlikely team of elite operatives for a global quest to track down a missing portable nuclear device. 	 ['Action', 'Comedy', 'Crime', 'Thriller']
The Final Wish 	 Following the passing of his father Aaron Hammond returns to his hometown to help his devastated mother and to confront his past demons. Sifting through his father’s belongings Aaron comes upon a mysterious item that is far more than it seems. 	 ['Horror']
Howl's Moving Castle 	 When Sophie a shy young woman is cursed with an old body by a spiteful witch her only chance of breaking the spell lies with a self-indulgent yet insecure young wizard and his companions in his legged walking castle. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Animation', 'Adventure']
The Good 	 While the Civil War rages between the Union and the Confederacy three men – a quiet loner a ruthless hit man and a Mexican bandit – comb the American Southwest in search of a strongbox containing $200000 in stolen gold. 	 ['Western']
Second Act 	 Maya a 40-year-old woman struggling with frustrations from unfulfilled dreams. Until that is she gets the chance to prove to Madison Avenue that street smarts are as valuable as book smarts and that it is never too late for a second act. 	 ['Romance', 'Comedy', 'Drama']
The Professor and the Madman 	 Professor James Murray begins work compiling words for the first edition of the Oxford English Dictionary in the mid 19th century and receives over 10000 entries from a patient at Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic Asylum  Dr William Minor. 	 ['Drama', 'History']
Back to the Future Part III 	 The final installment of the Back to the Future trilogy finds Marty digging the trusty DeLorean out of a mineshaft and looking for Doc in the Wild West of 1885. But when their time machine breaks down the travelers are stranded in a land of spurs. More problems arise when Doc falls for pretty schoolteacher Clara Clayton and Marty tangles with Buford Tannen. 	 ['Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Family', 'Science Fiction']
To Live and Die in L.A. 	 A fearless Secret Service agent will stop at nothing to bring down the counterfeiter who killed his partner. 	 ['Crime', 'Thriller']
Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me 	 When diabolical genius Dr. Evil travels back in time to steal superspy Austin Powers's ‘mojo’ Austin must return to the swingin' '60s himself – with the help of American agent Felicity Shagwell – to stop the dastardly plan. Once there Austin faces off against Dr. Evil's army of minions and saves the world in his own unbelievably groovy way. 	 ['Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Crime', 'Science Fiction']
Can You Ever Forgive Me? 	 When bestselling celebrity biographer is no longer able to get published because she has fallen out of step with current tastes she turns her art form to deception. 	 ['Drama', 'Comedy', 'Crime']
Nymphomaniac: Vol. II 	 The continuation of Joe's sexually dictated life delves into the darker aspects of her adult life and what led to her being in Seligman's care. 	 ['Drama', 'Mystery']
Bad Boys II 	 Out-of-control trash-talking buddy cops Marcus Burnett and Mike Lowrey of the Miami Narcotics Task Force reunite and bullets fly cars crash and laughs explode as they pursue a whacked-out drug lord from the streets of Miami to the barrios of Cuba. But the real fireworks result when Marcus discovers that playboy Mike is secretly romancing Marcus’ sexy sister. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Comedy', 'Thriller', 'Crime']
Die Hard 2 	 Off-duty cop John McClane is gripped with a feeling of déjà vu when on a snowy Christmas Eve in the nation’s capital terrorists seize a major international airport holding thousands of holiday travelers hostage. Renegade military commandos led by a murderous rogue officer plot to rescue a drug lord from justice and are prepared for every contingency except one: McClane’s smart-mouthed heroics. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller']
Doraemon the Movie: Nobita's Treasure Island 	 The story is based on Robert Louis Stevenson's Treasure Island novel. 	 ['Animation']
The Accountant 	 As a math savant uncooks the books for a new client the Treasury Department closes in on his activities and the body count starts to rise. 	 ['Crime', 'Thriller', 'Drama']
A Dog's Way Home 	 A Dog’s Way Home chronicles the heartwarming adventure of Bella a dog who embarks on an epic 400-mile journey home after she is separated from her beloved human. 	 ['Drama', 'Family', 'Adventure']
The Hate U Give 	 Raised in a poverty-stricken slum a 16-year-old girl named Starr now attends a suburban prep school. After she witnesses a police officer shoot her unarmed best friend she's torn between her two very different worlds as she tries to speak her truth. 	 ['Crime', 'Drama']
Overboard 	 A spoiled wealthy yacht owner is thrown overboard and becomes the target of revenge from his mistreated employee. A remake of the 1987 comedy. 	 ['Romance', 'Comedy']
The Phantom of the Opera 	 Deformed since birth a bitter man known only as the Phantom lives in the sewers underneath the Paris Opera House. He falls in love with the obscure chorus singer Christine and privately tutors her while terrorizing the rest of the opera house and demanding Christine be given lead roles. Things get worse when Christine meets back up with her childhood acquaintance Raoul and the two fall in love 	 ['Thriller', 'Drama', 'Romance']
Life As We Know It 	 After a distastrous first date for caterer Holly and network sports director Messer all they have is common is a dislike for each other and their love for their goddaughter Sophie. But when they suddenly become all Sophie has in this world Holly and Messer must set their differences aside. Juggling careers and social calendars they'll have to find common ground while living under the same roof. 	 ['Comedy', 'Romance', 'Drama']
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice 	 Fearing the actions of a god-like Super Hero left unchecked Gotham City’s own formidable forceful vigilante takes on Metropolis’s most revered modern-day savior while the world wrestles with what sort of hero it really needs. And with Batman and Superman at war with one another a new threat quickly arises putting mankind in greater danger than it’s ever known before. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy']
Taken 	 While vacationing with a friend in Paris an American girl is kidnapped by a gang of human traffickers intent on selling her into forced prostitution. Working against the clock her ex-spy father must pull out all the stops to save her. But with his best years possibly behind him the job may be more than he can handle. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller']
The Favourite 	 England early 18th century. The close relationship between Queen Anne and Sarah Churchill is threatened by the arrival of Sarah's cousin Abigail Hill resulting in a bitter rivalry between the two cousins to be the Queen's favourite. 	 ['Drama', 'History', 'Comedy']
Rocky III 	 Now the world champion Rocky Balboa is living in luxury and only fighting opponents who pose no threat to him in the ring until Clubber Lang challenges him to a bout. After taking a pounding from Lang the humbled champ turns to former bitter rival Apollo Creed for a rematch with Lang. 	 ['Drama']
Wild and Free 	 Ellie and Jake fall in love but struggle with their relationship when they discover an unexpected connection between their pasts. 	 ['Drama']
The Blind Side 	 The story of Michael Oher a homeless and traumatized boy who became an All American football player and first round NFL draft pick with the help of a caring woman and her family 	 ['Drama']
Ice Age: The Meltdown 	 Diego Manny and Sid return in this sequel to the hit animated movie Ice Age. This time around the deep freeze is over and the ice-covered earth is starting to melt which will destroy the trio's cherished valley. The impending disaster prompts them to reunite and warn all the other beasts about the desperate situation. 	 ['Animation', 'Family', 'Comedy', 'Adventure']
The Expendables 	 Barney Ross leads a band of highly skilled mercenaries including knife enthusiast Lee Christmas a martial arts expert heavy weapons specialist demolitionist and a loose-cannon sniper. When the group is commissioned by the mysterious Mr. Church to assassinate the dictator of a small South American island Barney and Lee visit the remote locale to scout out their opposition and discover the true nature of the conflict engulfing the city. 	 ['Thriller', 'Adventure', 'Action']
We Bought a Zoo 	 Benjamin has lost his wife and in a bid to start his life over purchases a large house that has a zoo – welcome news for his daughter but his son is not happy about it. The zoo is in need of renovation and Benjamin sets about the work with the head keeper and the rest of the staff but the zoo soon runs into financial trouble. 	 ['Drama', 'Comedy', 'Family']
Taken 2 	 In Istanbul retired CIA operative Bryan Mills and his wife are taken hostage by the father of a kidnapper Mills killed while rescuing his daughter. 	 ['Action', 'Crime', 'Thriller']
Night at the Museum: Secret of the Tomb 	 When the magic powers of The Tablet of Ahkmenrah begin to die out Larry Daley spans the globe uniting favorite and new characters while embarking on an epic quest to save the magic before it is gone forever. 	 ['Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Fantasy', 'Family']
Kung Fu Panda: Secrets of the Masters 	 Po and the Furious Five uncover the legend of three of kung fu's greatest heroes: Master Thundering Rhino Master Storming Ox and Master Croc. 	 ['Family', 'Animation']
Kingsman: The Golden Circle 	 When an attack on the Kingsman headquarters takes place and a new villain rises Eggsy and Merlin are forced to work together with the American agency known as the Statesman to save the world. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Comedy']
A Most Violent Year 	 A thriller set in New York City during the winter of 1981 statistically one of the most violent years in the city's history and centered on a the lives of an immigrant and his family trying to expand their business and capitalize on opportunities as the rampant violence decay and corruption of the day drag them in and threaten to destroy all they have built. 	 ['Crime', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
Gremlins 	 When Billy Peltzer is given a strange but adorable pet named Gizmo for Christmas he inadvertently breaks the three important rules of caring for a Mogwai and unleashes a horde of mischievous gremlins on a small town. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Horror', 'Comedy']
Sister's Younger Husband 	 A sexy brother-in-law approached her? And he’s a younger man?  Mi-yeon who was adopted into her family when she was little is living with her older sister Si-yeon and Si-yeon’s husband. Mi-yeon’s desire towards her brother-in-law grows more and more every night when she gets to watch the affectionate interaction between her older sister and the brother-in-law. One day Mi-yeon seduces her brother-in-law and the two end up crossing the line when they should not have. As the situation goes on Mi-yeon finds out her older sister is also having affairs outside the marriage. Mi-yeon tries to clear up the relationship with her brother-in-law out of guilty feeling. However she hears something shocking from the brother-in-law. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama', 'Romance']
Tarzan 	 Tarzan was a small orphan who was raised by an ape named Kala since he was a child. He believed that this was his family but on an expedition Jane Porter is rescued by Tarzan. He then finds out that he's human. Now Tarzan must make the decision as to which family he should belong to... 	 ['Adventure', 'Animation', 'Drama', 'Family']
Something Something... Unakkum Enakkum 	 The story starts in a jail where prisoner Muthupandi (Prabhu) is being interrogated by a police officer (Vijayakumar) about his past. Without hesitation Muthupandi tells. Muthupandi is a son of the soil a very hard working self-made man who dotes on his only sister Kavitha (Trisha Krishnan). Their mother died very early and it was Muthupandi who brought up Kavitha with a lot of love and affection. Kavitha’s best friend Lalitha (Richa Pallod) who is getting married takes Kavitha to her house for the nuptial ceremony. As an emotional scene prior to this notes this is the first time Kavitha has been away from her brother. 	 ['Romance', 'Drama', 'Action']
Planet 51 	 When Earth astronaut Capt. Chuck Baker arrives on Planet 51 -- a world reminiscent of American suburbia circa 1950 -- he tries to avoid capture recover his spaceship and make it home safely all with the help of an empathetic little green being. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Family', 'Comedy', 'Adventure', 'Animation']
Call Me by Your Name 	 Elio Perlman is spending the summer with his family at their vacation home in Lombardy Italy. When his father hires a handsome doctoral student the curious 17-year-old finds himself developing a growing attraction to the young man. 	 ['Romance', 'Drama']
Coming to America 	 Prince Akeem heir to the throne of Zamunda leaves the tropical paradise kingdom in search of his queen. What better place than Queens New York to find his bride? Joined by his loyal servant and friend Semmi Akeem attempts to blend in as an ordinary American and begin his search. 	 ['Comedy', 'Romance']
Discarnate 	 A neuroscientist's obsession with a drug that expands the human mind inadvertently unleashes a deadly supernatural force on his team. 	 ['Horror', 'Thriller']
The Life of David Gale 	 A man against capital punishment is accused of murdering a fellow activist and is sent to death row. 	 ['Drama', 'Thriller', 'Crime']
Freaky Friday 	 Mother and daughter bicker over everything -- what Anna wears whom she likes and what she wants to do when she's older. In turn Anna detests Tess's fiancé. When a magical fortune cookie switches their personalities they each get a peek at how the other person feels thinks and lives. 	 ['Comedy', 'Science Fiction']
Atomic Blonde 	 An undercover MI6 agent is sent to Berlin during the Cold War to investigate the murder of a fellow agent and recover a missing list of double agents. 	 ['Action', 'Mystery', 'Thriller']
A Bug's Life 	 On behalf of "oppressed bugs everywhere an inventive ant named Flik hires a troupe of warrior bugs to defend his bustling colony from a horde of freeloading grasshoppers led by the evil-minded Hopper.
keywords 	 ['Adventure', 'Animation', 'Comedy', 'Family']
In the Realm of the Senses 	 Based on a true story set in pre-war Japan a man and one of his servants begin a torrid affair. Their desire becomes a sexual obsession so strong that to intensify their ardor they forsake all even life itself. 	 ['Drama', 'Romance']
The Scorpion King: Book of Souls 	 The Scorpion King teams up with a female warrior named Tala who is the sister of The Nubian King. Together they search for a legendary relic known as The Book of Souls which will allow them to put an end to an evil warlord. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Fantasy']
Midnight in Paris 	 A romantic comedy about a family traveling to the French capital for business. The party includes a young engaged couple forced to confront the illusion that a life different from their own is better. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Comedy', 'Romance']
Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer 	 The Fantastic Four return to the big screen as a new and all powerful enemy threatens the Earth. The seemingly unstoppable 'Silver Surfer' but all is not what it seems and there are old and new enemies that pose a greater threat than the intrepid superheroes realize. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Action', 'Thriller']
Close Encounters of the Third Kind 	 After an encounter with UFOs a line worker feels undeniably drawn to an isolated area in the wilderness where something spectacular is about to happen. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Drama']
Blade Runner 	 In the smog-choked dystopian Los Angeles of 2019 blade runner Rick Deckard is called out of retirement to terminate a quartet of replicants who have escaped to Earth seeking their creator for a way to extend their short life spans. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
Pet Sematary 	 Louis Creed his wife Rachel and their two children Gage and Ellie move to a rural home where they are welcomed and enlightened about the eerie 'Pet Sematary' located nearby. After the tragedy of their cat being killed by a truck Louis resorts to burying it in the mysterious pet cemetery which is definitely not as it seems as it proves to the Creeds that sometimes dead is better. 	 ['Horror', 'Thriller']
Birdman 	 A fading actor best known for his portrayal of a popular superhero attempts to mount a comeback by appearing in a Broadway play. As opening night approaches his attempts to become more altruistic rebuild his career and reconnect with friends and family prove more difficult than expected. 	 ['Drama', 'Comedy']
The House That Jack Built 	 Failed architect engineer and vicious murderer Jack narrates the details of some of his most elaborately orchestrated crimes each of them a towering piece of art that defines his life's work as a serial killer for twelve years. 	 ['Drama', 'Horror', 'Crime', 'Thriller']
Mission: Impossible - Fallout 	 When an IMF mission ends badly the world is faced with dire consequences. As Ethan Hunt takes it upon himself to fulfill his original briefing the CIA begin to question his loyalty and his motives. The IMF team find themselves in a race against time hunted by assassins while trying to prevent a global catastrophe. 	 ['Action']
O Brother 	 In the deep south during the 1930s three escaped convicts search for hidden treasure while a relentless lawman pursues them. On their journey they come across many comical characters and incredible situations. Based upon Homer's 'Odyssey'. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Comedy']
Grease 	 Australian good girl Sandy and greaser Danny fell in love over the summer. But when they unexpectedly discover they're now in the same high school will they be able to rekindle their romance despite their eccentric friends? 	 ['Romance']
DragonHeart: A New Beginning 	 When Geoff an orphaned stable boy (Chris Masterson) discovers Drake (voice of Robby Benson) the world's last living dragon he realizes that his dream of becoming a knight in shining armor can now come true. Together they soon face challenges that turn them into heroes. But caught up in the excitement of their new lives Geoff and Drake fail to see the hidden dangers that surround them. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Fantasy']
The Judge 	 A successful lawyer returns to his hometown for his mother's funeral only to discover that his estranged father the town's judge is suspected of murder. 	 ['Drama']
Toy Story 	 Led by Woody Andy's toys live happily in his room until Andy's birthday brings Buzz Lightyear onto the scene. Afraid of losing his place in Andy's heart Woody plots against Buzz. But when circumstances separate Buzz and Woody from their owner the duo eventually learns to put aside their differences. 	 ['Animation', 'Comedy', 'Family']
The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 2 	 With the nation of Panem in a full scale war Katniss confronts President Snow in the final showdown. Teamed with a group of her closest friends – including Gale Finnick and Peeta – Katniss goes off on a mission with the unit from District 13 as they risk their lives to stage an assassination attempt on President Snow who has become increasingly obsessed with destroying her. The mortal traps enemies and moral choices that await Katniss will challenge her more than any arena she faced in The Hunger Games. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction']
The Mafia Kills Only in Summer 	 While Arturo tries to gain the love of Flora he witnesses the history of Sicily from 1969 to 1992 miraculously dodging the crimes of the Mafia and supporting as a journalist the heroic struggle of the judges and policemen who fought this infamous organization. 	 ['Romance', 'Comedy', 'Crime', 'Drama']
The Lion King 1½ 	 Timon the meerkat and Pumbaa the warthog are best pals and the unsung heroes of the African savanna. This prequel to the smash Disney animated adventure takes you back -- way back -- before Simba's adventure began. You'll find out all about Timon and Pumbaa and tag along as they search for the perfect home and attempt to raise a rambunctious lion cub. 	 ['Animation', 'Comedy', 'Family']
Isle of Dogs 	 In the future an outbreak of canine flu leads the mayor of a Japanese city to banish all dogs to an island that's a garbage dump. The outcasts must soon embark on an epic journey when a 12-year-old boy arrives on the island to find his beloved pet. 	 ['Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Animation']
Gravity 	 Dr. Ryan Stone a brilliant medical engineer on her first Shuttle mission with veteran astronaut Matt Kowalsky in command of his last flight before retiring. But on a seemingly routine spacewalk disaster strikes. The Shuttle is destroyed leaving Stone and Kowalsky completely alone-tethered to nothing but each other and spiraling out into the blackness of space. The deafening silence tells them they have lost any link to Earth and any chance for rescue. As fear turns to panic every gulp of air eats away at what little oxygen is left. But the only way home may be to go further out into the terrifying expanse of space. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Thriller', 'Drama']
Bad Times at the El Royale 	 Lake Tahoe 1969. Seven strangers each one with a secret to bury meet at El Royale a decadent motel with a dark past. In the course of a fateful night everyone will have one last shot at redemption. 	 ['Thriller', 'Crime', 'Mystery', 'Drama']
Green Book 	 Tony Lip a bouncer in 1962 is hired to drive pianist Don Shirley on a tour through the Deep South in the days when African Americans forced to find alternate accommodations and services due to segregation laws below the Mason-Dixon Line relied on a guide called The Negro Motorist Green Book. 	 ['Drama', 'Comedy', 'Music']
The Key 	 Parapsychologist Elise Rainier and her team travel to Five Keys NM to investigate a man’s claim of a haunting. Terror soon strikes when Rainier realizes that the house he lives in was her family’s old home. 	 ['Mystery', 'Horror', 'Thriller']
Mean Girls 	 Cady Heron is a hit with The Plastics the A-list girl clique at her new school until she makes the mistake of falling for Aaron Samuels the ex-boyfriend of alpha Plastic Regina George. 	 ['Comedy']
TRON: Legacy 	 Sam Flynn the tech-savvy and daring son of Kevin Flynn investigates his father's disappearance and is pulled into The Grid. With the help of a mysterious program named Quorra Sam quests to stop evil dictator Clu from crossing into the real world. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Science Fiction']
The Happytime Murders 	 In a world where human beings and puppets live together when the members of the cast of a children's television show aired during the 1990s begin to get murdered one by one puppet Phil Philips a former LAPD detective who fell in disgrace and turned into a private eye takes on the case at the request of his old boss in order to assist detective Edwards who was his partner in the past. 	 ['Action', 'Comedy', 'Crime']
Stolen 	 Master thief Will Montgomery is just released from the State penitentiary after serving a 10 year sentence is contacted by Vincent his ex comrade in crime who is holding Will’s teenage daughter ransom in a hijacked taxi cab. Vincent will only surrender her when Will reveals the whereabouts of the 20 million dollars he contrived to conceal from their last robbery. 	 ['Action', 'Crime', 'Thriller']
Die Hard 	 NYPD cop John McClane's plan to reconcile with his estranged wife is thrown for a serious loop when minutes after he arrives at her office the entire building is overtaken by a group of terrorists. With little help from the LAPD wisecracking McClane sets out to single-handedly rescue the hostages and bring the bad guys down. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller']
Oldboy 	 An everyday man has only three and a half days and limited resources to discover why he was imprisoned in a nondescript room for 20 years without any explanation. 	 ['Drama', 'Thriller', 'Mystery', 'Action']
Kursk 	 The story of the 2000 K-141 Kursk submarine disaster and the governmental negligence that followed. As the sailors fight for survival their families desperately battle political obstacles and impossible odds to save them. 	 ['Drama', 'History', 'Thriller', 'Action']
Johnny English Strikes Again 	 Disaster strikes when a criminal mastermind reveals the identities of all active undercover agents in Britain. The secret service can now rely on only one man - Johnny English. Currently teaching at a minor prep school Johnny springs back into action to find the mysterious hacker. For this mission to succeed he’ll need all of his skills - what few he has - as the man with yesterday’s analogue methods faces off against tomorrow’s digital technology. 	 ['Comedy']
Thick as Thieves 	 A master thief recruits a notorious thief to help him steal two famous Faberge eggs from an impenetrable vault in an effort to pull off one final job and repay his debt to the Russian mob. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Crime']
Sausage Party 	 Sausage Party the first R-rated CG animated movie is about one sausage leading a group of supermarket products on a quest to discover the truth about their existence and what really happens when they become chosen to leave the grocery store. 	 ['Adventure', 'Animation', 'Comedy', 'Fantasy']
The Big Short 	 The men who made millions from a global economic meltdown. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama']
12 Strong 	 A team of CIA agents and special forces head into Afghanistan in the aftermath of the September 11th attacks in an attempt to dismantle the Taliban. 	 ['War', 'Drama', 'History', 'Action']
The Happening 	 When a deadly airborne virus threatens to wipe out the northeastern United States teacher Elliott Moore (Mark Wahlberg) and his wife (Zooey Deschanel) flee from contaminated cities into the countryside in a fight to discover the truth. Is it terrorism the accidental release of some toxic military bio weapon -- or something even more sinister? John Leguizamo and Betty Buckley co-star in this thriller from writer-director M. Night Shyamalan. 	 ['Thriller', 'Science Fiction']
Me and Earl and the Dying Girl 	 Greg is coasting through senior year of high school as anonymously as possible avoiding social interactions like the plague while secretly making spirited bizarre films with Earl his only friend. But both his anonymity and friendship threaten to unravel when his mother forces him to befriend a classmate with leukemia. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama']
The Nutcracker and the Four Realms 	 A young girl is transported into a magical world of gingerbread soldiers and an army of mice.  In Disney’s magical take on the classic The Nutcracker Clara wants a one-of-a-kind key that will unlock a box holding a priceless gift. A golden thread presented at her godfather’s holiday party leads her to the coveted key—which promptly disappears into a strange and mysterious parallel world. There Clara encounters a soldier a gang of mice and the regents of three magical Realms. But she must brave the ominous Fourth Realm home to the tyrant Mother Ginger to retrieve her key and return harmony to the unstable world. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Adventure', 'Family']
Status Update 	 After being uprooted by his parents' separation and unable to fit into his new hometown a teenager stumbles upon a magical app that causes his social media updates to come true. 	 ['Comedy', 'Fantasy', 'Science Fiction']
Airplane! 	 Alcoholic pilot Ted Striker has developed a fear of flying due to wartime trauma but nevertheless boards a passenger jet in an attempt to woo back his stewardess girlfriend. Food poisoning decimates the passengers and crew leaving it up to Striker to land the plane with the help of a glue-sniffing air traffic controller and Striker's vengeful former Air Force captain who must both talk him down. 	 ['Comedy']
Airplane! 	 Alcoholic pilot Ted Striker has developed a fear of flying due to wartime trauma but nevertheless boards a passenger jet in an attempt to woo back his stewardess girlfriend. Food poisoning decimates the passengers and crew leaving it up to Striker to land the plane with the help of a glue-sniffing air traffic controller and Striker's vengeful former Air Force captain who must both talk him down. 	 ['Comedy']
Die Hard: With a Vengeance 	 New York detective John McClane is back and kicking bad-guy butt in the third installment of this action-packed series which finds him teaming with civilian Zeus Carver to prevent the loss of innocent lives. McClane thought he'd seen it all until a genius named Simon engages McClane his new "partner" -- and his beloved city -- in a deadly game that demands their concentration. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller']
Justice League: Throne of Atlantis 	 After the events of Justice League: War Ocean Master and Black Manta have declared a war against the surface in retaliation of the aftermath of Apokoliptian-tyrant Darkseid's planetary invasion. Queen Atlanna seeks out her other son Ocean Master’s half-brother Arthur Curry a half-human with aquatic powers with no knowledge of his Atlantean heritage to restore balance.  Living with powers he doesn’t understand and seeing the danger around him Curry takes steps to embrace his destiny joining the Justice League and with his new teammates he battles to save Earth from total destruction. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Action', 'Animation', 'Adventure']
The Proposal 	 When she learns she's in danger of losing her visa status and being deported overbearing book editor Margaret Tate forces her put-upon assistant Andrew Paxton to marry her. 	 ['Comedy', 'Romance', 'Drama']
Sleepless in Seattle 	 A young boy who tries to set his dad up on a date after the death of his mother. He calls into a radio station to talk about his dad’s loneliness which soon leads the dad into meeting a Journalist Annie who flies to Seattle to write a story about the boy and his dad. Yet Annie ends up with more than just a story in this popular romantic comedy. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama', 'Romance']
Captain America: The First Avenger 	 During World War II Steve Rogers is a sickly man from Brooklyn who's transformed into super-soldier Captain America to aid in the war effort. Rogers must stop the Red Skull – Adolf Hitler's ruthless head of weaponry and the leader of an organization that intends to use a mysterious device of untold powers for world domination. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction']
Home Alone 3 	 9-year-old Alex Pruitt is home alone with the chicken pox. Turns out due to a mix-up among nefarious spies Alex was given a toy car concealing a top-secret microchip. Now Alex must fend off the spies as they try break into his house to get it back. 	 ['Comedy', 'Family']
Bohemian Rhapsody 	 Singer Freddie Mercury guitarist Brian May drummer Roger Taylor and bass guitarist John Deacon take the music world by storm when they form the rock 'n' roll band Queen in 1970. Hit songs become instant classics. When Mercury's increasingly wild lifestyle starts to spiral out of control Queen soon faces its greatest challenge yet – finding a way to keep the band together amid the success and excess. 	 ['Drama', 'Music']
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets 	 Ignoring threats to his life Harry returns to Hogwarts to investigate – aided by Ron and Hermione – a mysterious series of attacks. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Family']
Disobedience 	 A woman learns about the death of her Orthodox Jewish father a rabbi. She returns home and has romantic feelings rekindled for her best childhood friend who is now married to her cousin. 	 ['Drama', 'Romance']
Get Out 	 Chris and his girlfriend Rose go upstate to visit her parents for the weekend. At first Chris reads the family's overly accommodating behavior as nervous attempts to deal with their daughter's interracial relationship but as the weekend progresses a series of increasingly disturbing discoveries lead him to a truth that he never could have imagined. 	 ['Mystery', 'Thriller', 'Horror']
Bring It On: Worldwide #Cheersmack 	 When Destiny captain of three-time national champions "The Rebels is challenged to a global cheer showdown by an edgy new team called The Truth the Cheer Goddess organizes a virtual battle for squads from all around the world. It seems like the whole world wants to take down Destiny and her team, and they just might succeed, unless Destiny can rise to the challenge, set her ego aside and figure out who her real friends are.
keywords 	 ['Comedy', 'Romance']
Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs 	 Times are changing for Manny the moody mammoth Sid the motor mouthed sloth and Diego the crafty saber-toothed tiger. Life heats up for our heroes when they meet some new and none-too-friendly neighbors – the mighty dinosaurs. 	 ['Animation', 'Comedy', 'Family', 'Adventure']
Minions 	 Minions Stuart Kevin and Bob are recruited by Scarlet Overkill a super-villain who alongside her inventor husband Herb hatches a plot to take over the world. 	 ['Family', 'Animation', 'Adventure', 'Comedy']
Child 44 	 Set in Stalin-era Soviet Union a disgraced MGB agent is dispatched to investigate a series of child murders -- a case that begins to connect with the very top of party leadership. 	 ['Crime', 'Thriller']
The Amazing Spider-Man 	 For Peter Parker life is busy. Between taking out the bad guys as Spider-Man and spending time with the person he loves Gwen Stacy high school graduation cannot come quickly enough. Peter has not forgotten about the promise he made to Gwen’s father to protect her by staying away but that is a promise he cannot keep. Things will change for Peter when a new villain Electro emerges an old friend Harry Osborn returns and Peter uncovers new clues about his past. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy']
Lethal Weapon 2 	 In the opening chase Martin Riggs and Roger Murtaugh stumble across a trunk full of Krugerrands. They follow the trail to a South African diplomat who's using his immunity to conceal a smuggling operation. When he plants a bomb under Murtaugh's toilet the action explodes! 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Crime', 'Thriller']
The Blues Brothers 	 Jake Blues is just out of jail and teams up with his brother Elwood on a 'mission from God' to raise funds for the orphanage in which they grew up. The only thing they can do is do what they do best: play music. So they get their old band together and set out on their way—while getting in a bit of trouble here and there. 	 ['Music', 'Comedy', 'Action', 'Crime']
The NeverEnding Story 	 A young boy must restore order when a group of bullies steal the magical book that acts as a portal between Earth and the imaginary world of Fantasia. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Family']
Alien: Covenant 	 Bound for a remote planet on the far side of the galaxy the crew of the colony ship 'Covenant' discovers what is thought to be an uncharted paradise but is actually a dark dangerous world—which has a sole inhabitant: the 'synthetic' David survivor of the doomed Prometheus expedition. 	 ['Horror', 'Science Fiction', 'Thriller']
The World's End 	 Five friends who reunite in an attempt to top their epic pub crawl from 20 years earlier unwittingly become humankind's only hope for survival. 	 ['Comedy', 'Action', 'Science Fiction']
Click 	 A workaholic architect finds a universal remote that allows him to fast-forward and rewind to different parts of his life. Complications arise when the remote starts to overrule his choices. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama', 'Fantasy', 'Romance']
Peppermint 	 A grieving mother transforms herself into a vigilante following the murders of her husband and daughter eluding the authorities to deliver her own personal brand of justice. 	 ['Thriller', 'Action', 'Drama']
Sicario: Day of the Soldado 	 Agent Matt Graver teams up with operative Alejandro Gillick to prevent Mexican drug cartels from smuggling terrorists across the United States border. 	 ['Action', 'Crime', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
Inside Man 	 When an armed masked gang enter a Manhattan bank lock the doors and take hostages the detective assigned to effect their release enters negotiations preoccupied with corruption charges he is facing. 	 ['Crime', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
Love Actually 	 Follows seemingly unrelated people as their lives begin to intertwine while they fall in – and out – of love. Affections languish and develop as Christmas draws near. 	 ['Comedy', 'Romance', 'Drama']
Glass 	 In a series of escalating encounters security guard David Dunn uses his supernatural abilities to track Kevin Wendell Crumb a disturbed man who has twenty-four personalities. Meanwhile the shadowy presence of Elijah Price emerges as an orchestrator who holds secrets critical to both men. 	 ['Thriller', 'Mystery', 'Drama', 'Fantasy', 'Science Fiction']
A Simple Favor 	 Stephanie a dedicated mother and popular vlogger befriends Emily a mysterious upper-class woman whose son Nicky attends the same school as Miles Stephanie's son. When Emily asks her to pick Nicky up from school and then disappears Stephanie undertakes an investigation that will dive deep into Emily's cloudy past. 	 ['Thriller', 'Crime', 'Mystery', 'Comedy', 'Drama']
The Wedding Ringer 	 Doug Harris is a loveable but socially awkward groom-to-be with a problem: he has no best man.  With less than two weeks to go until he marries the girl of his dreams Doug is referred to Jimmy Callahan owner and CEO of Best Man Inc. a company that provides flattering best men for socially challenged guys in need.  What ensues is a hilarious wedding charade as they try to pull off the big con and an unexpected budding bromance between Doug and his fake 	 ['Comedy']
Rain Man 	 Selfish yuppie Charlie Babbitt's father left a fortune to his savant brother Raymond and a pittance to Charlie; they travel cross-country. 	 ['Drama']
Police Academy 3: Back in Training 	 When police funding is cut the Governor announces he must close one of the academies. To make it fair the two police academies must compete against each other to stay in operation. Mauser persuades two officers in Lassard's academy to better his odds but things don't quite turn out as expected... 	 ['Comedy', 'Crime']
Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen 	 When the teenager Mary Elizabeth Steppe a.k.a. Lola moves with her mother and two younger twin sisters from New York to the suburb of Dellwood New Jersey she has the feeling that her cultural and entertaining world ended. While in school the displaced Lola becomes close friend of the unpopular Ella who is also a great fan of the her favorite rock band Sidarthur. However the most popular girl in the school Carla Santini disputes the lead role in an adaptation of Pygmalion with Lola and also the leadership of their mates. When the last concert of Sidarthur is sold-out Lola plans with Ella to travel to New York and buy the tickets from scalpers. However the girls get into trouble while helping the lead singer and Lola's idol Stu Wolf changing their lives forever. 	 ['Comedy']
Kung Fu Panda 	 When the Valley of Peace is threatened lazy Po the panda discovers his destiny as the "chosen one" and trains to become a kung fu hero but transforming the unsleek slacker into a brave warrior won't be easy. It's up to Master Shifu and the Furious Five -- Tigress Crane Mantis Viper and Monkey -- to give it a try. 	 ['Adventure', 'Animation', 'Family', 'Comedy']
Journey 2: The Mysterious Island 	 Sean Anderson partners with his mom's boyfriend on a mission to find his grandfather who is thought to be missing on a mythical island. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Science Fiction']
The Remains of the Day 	 A rule bound head butler's world of manners and decorum in the household he maintains is tested by the arrival of a housekeeper who falls in love with him in post-WWI Britain. The possibility of romance and his master's cultivation of ties with the Nazi cause challenge his carefully maintained veneer of servitude. 	 ['Drama', 'Romance']
Dracula Untold 	 Vlad Tepes is a great hero but when he learns the Sultan is preparing for battle and needs to form an army of 1000 boys including Vlad's son he vows to find a way to protect his family. Vlad turns to dark forces in order to get the power to destroy his enemies and agrees to go from hero to monster as he's turned into the mythological vampire Dracula. 	 ['Horror', 'Action', 'Drama', 'Fantasy', 'War']
Velvet Buzzsaw 	 Big money artists and mega-collectors pay a high price when art collides with commerce. After a series of paintings by an unknown artist are discovered a supernatural force enacts revenge on those who have allowed their greed to get in the way of art. 	 ['Thriller', 'Mystery', 'Horror']
The Mule 	 Earl Stone a man in his 80s who is broke alone and facing foreclosure of his business when he is offered a job that simply requires him to drive. Easy enough but unbeknownst to Earl he’s just signed on as a drug courier for a Mexican cartel. He does so well that his cargo increases exponentially and Earl hit the radar of hard-charging DEA agent Colin Bates. 	 ['Crime', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
Siberian Education 	 The story of a gang of children growing up in a community of banished criminals in a forgotten corner of the former Soviet Union. This community rejects the world outside. The only law it obeys… is its own. Against this backdrop two best friends Kolyma and Gagarin gradually become fierce enemies as they find themselves on opposite sides of the strict code of honour of the ‘honest criminal’ brotherhood. 	 ['Drama', 'Crime']
Scream 2 	 Two years after the terrifying events that occurred in Woodsboro Sidney is now attending Windsor College in Cincinnati and Gale Weathers' best selling book on Sidney's life has now been made into a major motion picture. When two college students are killed in a theatre while watching the new film 'Stab' Sidney knows deep down that history is repeating itself. 	 ['Horror', 'Mystery']
Enter the Dragon 	 A martial artist agrees to spy on a reclusive crime lord using his invitation to a tournament there as cover. 	 ['Action']
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 	 Harry Ron and Hermione continue their quest to vanquish the evil Voldemort once and for all. Just as things begin to look hopeless for the young wizards Harry discovers a trio of magical objects that endow him with powers to rival Voldemort's formidable skills. 	 ['Family', 'Fantasy', 'Adventure']
Juanita 	 Fed up with her deadbeat grown kids and marginal urban existence Juanita takes a Greyhound bus to Paper Moon Montana where she reinvents herself and finds her mojo. 	 ['Drama']
L.A. Confidential 	 Three detectives in the corrupt and brutal L.A. police force of the 1950s use differing methods to uncover a conspiracy behind the shotgun slayings of the patrons at an all-night diner. 	 ['Crime', 'Drama', 'Mystery', 'Thriller']
Raiders of the Lost Ark 	 When Dr. Indiana Jones – the tweed-suited professor who just happens to be a celebrated archaeologist – is hired by the government to locate the legendary Ark of the Covenant he finds himself up against the entire Nazi regime. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action']
The Godfather 	 Spanning the years 1945 to 1955 a chronicle of the fictional Italian-American Corleone crime family. When organized crime family patriarch Vito Corleone barely survives an attempt on his life his youngest son Michael steps in to take care of the would-be killers launching a campaign of bloody revenge. 	 ['Drama', 'Crime']
Lawrence of Arabia 	 The story of British officer T.E. Lawrence's mission to aid the Arab tribes in their revolt against the Ottoman Empire during the First World War. Lawrence becomes a flamboyant messianic figure in the cause of Arab unity but his psychological instability threatens to undermine his achievements. 	 ['Adventure', 'Drama', 'History', 'War']
Tinker Bell and the Great Fairy Rescue 	 During a summer stay on the mainland Tinker Bell is accidentally discovered while investigating a little girl's fairy house. As the other fairies led by the brash Vidia launch a daring rescue in the middle of a fierce storm Tink develops a special bond with the lonely little girl. 	 ['Animation', 'Adventure', 'Family', 'Fantasy']
Horton Hears a Who! 	 One day Horton the elephant hears a cry from help coming from a speck of dust. Even though he can't see anyone on the speck he decides to help it. As it turns out the speck of dust is home to the Whos who live in their city of Whoville. Horton agrees to help protect the Whos and their home 	 ['Animation', 'Comedy', 'Family', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy']
Fonzo 	 Once a ruthless businessman and bootlegger who ruled Chicago with an iron fist Alfonse Capone was the most infamous and feared gangster of American lore. At the age of 47 following nearly a decade of imprisonment dementia rots Alfonse’s mind and his past becomes present as harrowing memories of his violent and brutal origins melt into his waking life 	 ['Crime', 'Drama']
Awakenings 	 Dr. Malcolm Sayer a shy research physician uses an experimental drug to "awaken" the catatonic victims of a rare disease. Leonard is the first patient to receive the controversial treatment. His awakening filled with awe and enthusiasm proves a rebirth for Sayer too as the exuberant patient reveals life's simple but unutterably sweet pleasures to the introverted doctor. 	 ['Drama']
War of the Worlds 	 Ray Ferrier is a divorced dockworker and less-than-perfect father. Soon after his ex-wife and her new husband drop of his teenage son and young daughter for a rare weekend visit a strange and powerful lightning storm touches down. 	 ['Adventure', 'Thriller', 'Science Fiction']
Who Framed Roger Rabbit 	 'Toon star Roger is worried that his wife Jessica is playing pattycake with someone else so the studio hires detective Eddie Valiant to snoop on her. But the stakes are quickly raised when Marvin Acme is found dead and Roger is the prime suspect. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Animation', 'Comedy', 'Crime', 'Family']
The Croods 	 The Croods is a prehistoric comedy adventure that follows the world's first family as they embark on a journey of a lifetime when the cave that has always shielded them from danger is destroyed. Traveling across a spectacular landscape the Croods discover an incredible new world filled with fantastic creatures -- and their outlook is changed forever. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Animation', 'Comedy', 'Family', 'Fantasy']
GoldenEye 	 James Bond must unmask the mysterious head of the Janus Syndicate and prevent the leader from utilizing the GoldenEye weapons system to inflict devastating revenge on Britain. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Thriller']
Friday the 13th 	 Camp counselors are stalked and murdered by an unknown assailant while trying to reopen a summer camp that was the site of a child's drowning. 	 ['Horror']
The Mummy: Tomb of the Dragon Emperor 	 Archaeologist Rick O'Connell travels to China pitting him against an emperor from the 2000-year-old Han dynasty who's returned from the dead to pursue a quest for world domination. This time O'Connell enlists the help of his wife and son to quash the so-called 'Dragon Emperor' and his abuse of supernatural power. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Fantasy']
Curse of the Golden Flower 	 During China's Tang dynasty the emperor has taken the princess of a neighboring province as wife. She has borne him two sons and raised his eldest. Now his control over his dominion is complete including the royal family itself. 	 ['Action', 'Drama', 'Fantasy']
Anacondas: The Hunt for the Blood Orchid 	 The blood orchid - A rare flower that holds the secret of eternal life and a fortune to the pharmaceutical company that finds it. Led by a two-fisted soldier of fortune a scientific expedition is sent deep into the jungles of Borneo to locate and bring back samples of the legendary plant. Battling their way upriver the explorers brave poisonous insects ferocious crocodiles and savage headhunters unaware they're being stalked by an even greater danger: a nest of giant anacondas voracious fifty-foot-long flesh-eaters who'll stop at nothing to protect their breeding ground the blood orchid's home. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Horror', 'Thriller']
Falaknuma Das 	 The blood orchid - A rare flower that holds the secret of eternal life and a fortune to the pharmaceutical company that finds it. Led by a two-fisted soldier of fortune a scientific expedition is sent deep into the jungles of Borneo to locate and bring back samples of the legendary plant. Battling their way upriver the explorers brave poisonous insects ferocious crocodiles and savage headhunters unaware they're being stalked by an even greater danger: a nest of giant anacondas voracious fifty-foot-long flesh-eaters who'll stop at nothing to protect their breeding ground the blood orchid's home. 	 ['Action', 'Romance', 'Thriller']
Alice in Wonderland 	 Alice an unpretentious and individual 19-year-old is betrothed to a dunce of an English nobleman. At her engagement party she escapes the crowd to consider whether to go through with the marriage and falls down a hole in the garden after spotting an unusual rabbit. Arriving in a strange and surreal place called 'Underland' she finds herself in a world that resembles the nightmares she had as a child filled with talking animals villainous queens and knights and frumious bandersnatches. Alice realizes that she is there for a reason – to conquer the horrific Jabberwocky and restore the rightful queen to her throne. 	 ['Family', 'Fantasy', 'Adventure']
The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement 	 Mia Thermopolis is now a college graduate and on her way to Genovia to take up her duties as princess. Her best friend Lilly also joins her for the summer. Mia continues her 'princess lessons'- riding horses side-saddle archery and other royal. But her complicated life is turned upside down once again when she not only learns that she is to take the crown as queen earlier than expected... 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama', 'Family', 'Romance']
Hellboy 	 Hellboy comes to England where he must defeat Nimue Merlin's consort and the Blood Queen. But their battle will bring about the end of the world a fate he desperately tries to turn away. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy']
Tomorrow Never Dies 	 A deranged media mogul is staging international incidents to pit the world’s superpowers against each other. Now 007 must take on this evil mastermind in an adrenaline-charged battle to end his reign of terror and prevent global pandemonium. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Thriller']
The Dreamers 	 A young American studying in Paris in 1968 strikes up a friendship with a French brother and sister. Set against the background of the '68 Paris student riots. 	 ['Drama', 'Romance']
Underworld 	 Vampires and werewolves have waged a nocturnal war against each other for centuries. But all bets are off when a female vampire warrior named Selene who's famous for her strength and werewolf-hunting prowess becomes smitten with a peace-loving male werewolf Michael who wants to end the war. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Action', 'Thriller']
13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi 	 An American Ambassador is killed during an attack at a U.S. compound in Libya as a security team struggles to make sense out of the chaos. 	 ['Action', 'Drama', 'History', 'Thriller', 'War']
Ip Man 3 	 When a band of brutal gangsters led by a crooked property developer make a play to take over the city Master Ip is forced to take a stand. 	 ['Action', 'Drama', 'History']
Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets 	 In the 28th century Valerian and Laureline are special operatives charged with keeping order throughout the human territories. On assignment from the Minister of Defense the two undertake a mission to Alpha an ever-expanding metropolis where species from across the universe have converged over centuries to share knowledge intelligence and cultures. At the center of Alpha is a mysterious dark force which threatens the peaceful existence of the City of a Thousand Planets and Valerian and Laureline must race to identify the menace and safeguard not just Alpha but the future of the universe. 	 ['Adventure', 'Science Fiction', 'Action']
Upgrade 	 A brutal mugging leaves Grey Trace paralyzed in the hospital and his beloved wife dead. A billionaire inventor soon offers Trace a cure — an artificial intelligence implant called STEM that will enhance his body. Now able to walk Grey finds that he also has superhuman strength and agility — skills he uses to seek revenge against the thugs who destroyed his life. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Science Fiction']
21 Jump Street 	 In high school Schmidt was a dork and Jenko was the popular jock. After graduation both of them joined the police force and ended up as partners riding bicycles in the city park. Since they are young and look like high school students they are assigned to an undercover unit to infiltrate a drug ring that is supplying high school students synthetic drugs. 	 ['Action', 'Comedy', 'Crime']
Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 	 Miles Morales is juggling his life between being a high school student and being a spider-man. When Wilson "Kingpin" Fisk uses a super collider others from across the Spider-Verse are transported to this dimension. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Animation', 'Science Fiction', 'Comedy']
Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey 	 Amiable slackers Bill and Ted are once again roped into a fantastical adventure when De Nomolos a villain from the future sends evil robot duplicates of the two lads to terminate and replace them. The robot doubles actually succeed in killing Bill and Ted but the two are determined to escape the afterlife challenging the Grim Reaper to a series of games in order to return to the land of the living. 	 ['Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Fantasy', 'Science Fiction', 'Music']
Life of the Party 	 Dumped by her husband longtime housewife Deanna turns regret into reset by going back to college. Winding up at the same school as her daughter Deanna plunges headlong into the campus experience – embracing fun freedom and frat boys. 	 ['Comedy']
Mary Queen of Scots 	 In 1561 Mary Stuart widow of the King of France returns to Scotland reclaims her rightful throne and menaces the future of Queen Elizabeth I as ruler of England because she has a legitimate claim to the English throne. Betrayals rebellions conspiracies and their own life choices imperil both Queens. They experience the bitter cost of power until their tragic fate is finally fulfilled. 	 ['Drama', 'History']
Fantastic Four 	 Four young outsiders teleport to a dangerous universe which alters their physical form in shocking ways. Their lives irrevocably upended the team must learn to harness their daunting new abilities and work together to save Earth from a former friend turned enemy. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction']
30 Days of Night 	 This is the story of an isolated Alaskan town that is plunged into darkness for a month each year when the sun sinks below the horizon. As the last rays of light fade the town is attacked by a bloodthirsty gang of vampires bent on an uninterrupted orgy of destruction. Only the small town's husband-and-wife Sheriff team stand between the survivors and certain destruction. 	 ['Horror', 'Thriller']
Arthur and the Revenge of Maltazard 	 Arthur answers a distress call from Princess Selenia who is menaced by the nefarious Maltazard. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Animation', 'Family']
21 Grams 	 This is the story of three gentle persons: Paul Rivers an ailing mathematician lovelessly married to an English émigré; Christina Peck an upper-middle-class suburban housewife happily married and mother of two little girl; and Jack Jordan an ex-convict who has found in his Christian faith the strength to raise a family. They will be brought together by a terrible accident that will change their lives. By the final frame none of them will be the same as they will learn harsh truths about love faith courage desire and guilt and how chance can change our worlds irretrievably—forever. 	 ['Drama', 'Crime', 'Thriller']
Pulp Fiction 	 A burger-loving hit man his philosophical partner a drug-addled gangster's moll and a washed-up boxer converge in this sprawling comedic crime caper. Their adventures unfurl in three stories that ingeniously trip back and forth in time. 	 ['Thriller', 'Crime']
A Star Is Born 	 Seasoned musician Jackson Maine discovers — and falls in love with — struggling artist Ally. She has just about given up on her dream to make it big as a singer — until Jack coaxes her into the spotlight. But even as Ally's career takes off the personal side of their relationship is breaking down as Jack fights an ongoing battle with his own internal demons. 	 ['Drama', 'Romance']
Crank: High Voltage 	 Chelios faces a Chinese mobster who has stolen his nearly indestructible heart and replaced it with a battery-powered ticker that requires regular jolts of electricity to keep working. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Crime']
Justice League vs. the Fatal Five 	 The Justice League faces a powerful new threat — the Fatal Five! Superman Batman and Wonder Woman seek answers as the time-traveling trio of Mano Persuader and Tharok terrorize Metropolis in search of budding Green Lantern Jessica Cruz. With her unwilling help they aim to free remaining Fatal Five members Emerald Empress and Validus to carry out their sinister plan. But the Justice League has also discovered an ally from another time in the peculiar Star Boy — brimming with volatile power could he be the key to thwarting the Fatal Five? An epic battle against ultimate evil awaits! 	 ['Animation', 'Action', 'Science Fiction']
Kuppathu Raja 	 Kuppathu Raja is an upcoming Tamil comedy drama film directed by Baba Bhaskar. The film features G. V. Prakash Kumar and Parthiban in the lead roles. 	 ['Action', 'Comedy', 'Drama']
Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy 	 It's the 1970s and San Diego super-sexist anchorman Ron Burgundy is the top dog in local TV but that's all about to change when ambitious reporter Veronica Corningstone arrives as a new employee at his station. 	 ['Comedy']
Game Night 	 Max and Annie's weekly game night gets kicked up a notch when Max's brother Brooks arranges a murder mystery party -- complete with fake thugs and federal agents. So when Brooks gets kidnapped it's all supposed to be part of the game. As the competitors set out to solve the case they start to learn that neither the game nor Brooks are what they seem to be. The friends soon find themselves in over their heads as each twist leads to another unexpected turn over the course of one chaotic night. 	 ['Mystery', 'Comedy', 'Crime']
Doraemon: Nobita's Diary of the Creation of the World 	 Nobita was reading a picture book.In that he sees Adam and Eve disobeying god and eating the apple in the garden of Eden. Nobita comments that their descendants have to face many difficulties because of Adam and Eve's mistake. Then Doraemon reminds Nobita that he had to do his summer vacation research homework. 	 ['Animation']
Despicable Me 	 Villainous Gru lives up to his reputation as a despicable deplorable and downright unlikable guy when he hatches a plan to steal the moon from the sky. But he has a tough time staying on task after three orphans land in his care. 	 ['Animation', 'Family', 'Comedy']
A Friend Is a Treasure 	 Alan gets a map to some war treasure which the Japanese army left behind on a small Pacific island at the end of World War II. But some gangsters try to steal the map from him and so he hides on Charlie's boat which just leaves the harbor. He manipulates the ship's compass so that Charlie is not aware that he is sailing to the treasure island. But when they step on the island they discover that it is not as abandoned as they believed: there are some natives - and a Japanese soldier still defending the treasure 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Comedy']
Papillon 	 Henri “Papillon” Charrière a safecracker from the Parisian underworld is wrongfully convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment in the penal colony of French Guiana where he forges a strong friendship with Louis Dega a counterfeiter who needs his protection. 	 ['Drama', 'History']
127 Hours 	 The true story of mountain climber Aron Ralston's remarkable adventure to save himself after a fallen boulder crashes on his arm and traps him in an isolated canyon in Utah. 	 ['Adventure', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
Million Dollar Baby 	 Despondent over a painful estrangement from his daughter trainer Frankie Dunn isn't prepared for boxer Maggie Fitzgerald to enter his life. But Maggie's determined to go pro and to convince Dunn and his cohort to help her. 	 ['Drama']
GoodFellas 	 The true story of Henry Hill a half-Irish half-Sicilian Brooklyn kid who is adopted by neighbourhood gangsters at an early age and climbs the ranks of a Mafia family under the guidance of Jimmy Conway. 	 ['Drama', 'Crime']
Freddy vs. Jason 	 Evil dream-demon Freddy Krueger devises a plan to manipulate the unstoppable Jason Vorhees into hacking up the teenagers of Elm Street in an effort to make people remember the name Freddy Krueger thus freeing him from limbo. 	 ['Horror']
Ghostland 	 A mother of two inherits a home from her aunt. On the first night in the new home she is confronted with murderous intruders and fights for her daughters’ lives. Sixteen years later the daughters reunite at the house and that is when things get strange . . . 	 ['Horror', 'Mystery', 'Thriller']
The Ninth Gate 	 An all-expenses-paid international search for a rare copy of the book 'The Nine Gates of the Shadow Kingdom' brings an unscrupulous book dealer deep into a world of murder double-dealing and satanic worship. 	 ['Horror', 'Mystery', 'Thriller']
The Death of Superman 	 When a hulking monster arrives on Earth and begins a mindless rampage the Justice League is quickly called in to stop it. But it soon becomes apparent that only Superman can stand against the monstrosity. 	 ['Animation', 'Action', 'Drama', 'Science Fiction']
The Grinch 	 The Grinch hatches a scheme to ruin Christmas when the residents of Whoville plan their annual holiday celebration. 	 ['Animation', 'Family', 'Comedy', 'Fantasy']
Ghostbusters 	 Following a ghost invasion of Manhattan paranormal enthusiasts Erin Gilbert and Abby Yates nuclear engineer Jillian Holtzmann and subway worker Patty Tolan band together to stop the otherworldly threat. 	 ['Action', 'Fantasy', 'Comedy']
Underworld: Evolution 	 As the war between the vampires and the Lycans rages on Selene a former member of the Death Dealers (an elite vampire special forces unit that hunts werewolves) and Michael the werewolf hybrid work together in an effort to unlock the secrets of their respective bloodlines. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Action', 'Science Fiction', 'Thriller']
You Only Live Twice 	 A mysterious space craft kidnaps a Russian and American space capsule and brings the world on the verge of another World War. James Bond investigates the case in Japan and meets with his archenemy Blofeld. The fifth film from the legendary James Bond series starring Sean Connery as the British super agent. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Adventure']
Playing with Love 	 Laura and Fabrizio have been meeting every summer in the forest by her parent's summer home. Fabrizio is a solitary boy with only his dog for company; Laura a sweet but unconfident child. This summer new aspects enter into their story as both are growing up. Laura is falling in love with Fabrizio while he displays a new sexual awareness of her masked by his malice. Things develop further when they meet Sylvia who unlike the innocent Laura is confident and assertive. Fabrizio develops a fascination with her eventually bribing Laura to fetch her to the forest to join them in play. 	 ['Drama']
Saw IV 	 Jigsaw and his apprentice Amanda are dead. Now upon the news of Detective Kerry's murder two seasoned FBI profilers Agent Strahm and Agent Perez arrive in the terrified community to assist the veteran Detective Hoffman in sifting through Jigsaw's latest grisly remains and piecing together the puzzle. However when SWAT Commander Rigg is abducted and thrust into a game the last officer untouched by Jigsaw has but ninety minutes to overcome a series of demented traps and save an old friend...or face the deadly consequences. 	 ['Horror', 'Thriller', 'Crime']
Jackie Brown 	 Jackie Brown is a flight attendant who gets caught in the middle of smuggling cash into the country for her gunrunner boss. When the cops try to use Jackie to get to her boss she hatches a plan—with help from a bail bondsman—to keep the money for herself. Based on Elmore Leonard's novel “Rum Punch”. 	 ['Crime', 'Thriller', 'Drama']
Siberia 	 Lucas a diamond trader who travels to Saint Petersburg to arrange a sale discovers that his Russian business partner has left his hotel and gone to a small Siberian village so Lucas also heads there to try find him. 	 ['Crime', 'Romance', 'Thriller']
North by Northwest 	 Advertising man Roger Thornhill is mistaken for a spy triggering a deadly cross-country chase. 	 ['Mystery', 'Thriller']
Prisoners 	 When Keller Dover's daughter and her friend go missing he takes matters into his own hands as the police pursue multiple leads and the pressure mounts. But just how far will this desperate father go to protect his family? 	 ['Drama', 'Thriller', 'Crime']
Finding Dory 	 Dory is reunited with her friends Nemo and Marlin in the search for answers about her past. What can she remember? Who are her parents? And where did she learn to speak Whale? 	 ['Adventure', 'Animation', 'Comedy', 'Family']
Cinema Paradiso 	 A filmmaker recalls his childhood when he fell in love with the movies at his village's theater and formed a deep friendship with the theater's projectionist. 	 ['Drama', 'Romance']
Polar 	 When a retiring assassin realizes that he is the target of a hit he winds up back in the game going head to head with a gang of younger ruthless killers. 	 ['Action', 'Crime', 'Drama']
A Bronx Tale 	 Set in the Bronx during the tumultuous 1960s an adolescent boy is torn between his honest working-class father and a violent yet charismatic crime boss. Complicating matters is the youngster's growing attraction - forbidden in his neighborhood - for a beautiful black girl. 	 ['Drama', 'Crime']
Final Destination 	 After a teenager has a terrifying vision of him and his friends dying in a plane crash he prevents the accident only to have Death hunt them down one by one. 	 ['Horror']
Chitty Chitty Bang Bang 	 An eccentric professor invents wacky machinery but can't seem to make ends meet. When he invents a revolutionary car a foreign government becomes interested in it and resorts to skulduggery to get their hands on it. 	 ['Music', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Comedy', 'Family']
The Last Samurai 	 Nathan Algren is an American hired to instruct the Japanese army in the ways of modern warfare which finds him learning to respect the samurai and the honorable principles that rule them. Pressed to destroy the samurai's way of life in the name of modernization and open trade Algren decides to become an ultimate warrior himself and to fight for their right to exist. 	 ['Drama', 'Action', 'War', 'History']
After Earth 	 One thousand years after cataclysmic events forced humanity's escape from Earth Nova Prime has become mankind's new home. Legendary General Cypher Raige returns from an extended tour of duty to his estranged family ready to be a father to his 13-year-old son Kitai. When an asteroid storm damages Cypher and Kitai's craft they crash-land on a now unfamiliar and dangerous Earth. As his father lies dying in the cockpit Kitai must trek across the hostile terrain to recover their rescue beacon. His whole life Kitai has wanted nothing more than to be a soldier like his father. Today he gets his chance. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Action', 'Adventure']
London Fields 	 Clairvoyant femme fatale Nicola Six has been living with a dark premonition of her impending death by murder. She begins a tangled love affair with three uniquely different men—one of whom she knows will be her murderer. 	 ['Crime', 'Mystery', 'Thriller', 'Drama']
The House Bunny 	 Shelley is living a carefree life until a rival gets her tossed out of the Playboy Mansion. With nowhere to go fate delivers her to the sorority girls from Zeta Alpha Zeta. Unless they can sign a new pledge class the seven socially clueless women will lose their house to the scheming girls of Phi Iota Mu. In order to accomplish their goal they need Shelley to teach them the ways of makeup and men; at the same time Shelley needs some of what the Zetas have - a sense of individuality. The combination leads all the girls to learn how to stop pretending and start being themselves. 	 ['Romance', 'Comedy']
The Mad Adventures of Rabbi Jacob 	 In this riot of frantic disguises and mistaken identities Victor Pivert a blustering bigoted French factory owner finds himself taken hostage by Slimane an Arab rebel leader. The two dress up as rabbis as they try to elude not only assasins from Slimane's country but also the police who think Pivert is a murderer. Pivert ends up posing as Rabbi Jacob a beloved figure who's returned to France for his first visit after 30 years in the United States. Adding to the confusion are Pivert's dentist-wife who thinks her husband is leaving her for another woman their daughter who's about to get married and a Parisian neighborhood filled with people eager to celebrate the return of Rabbi Jacob. 	 ['Comedy']
The Jungle Book 	 A man-cub named Mowgli fostered by wolves. After a threat from the tiger Shere Khan Mowgli is forced to flee the jungle by which he embarks on a journey of self discovery with the help of the panther Bagheera and the free-spirited bear Baloo. 	 ['Adventure', 'Drama', 'Family', 'Fantasy']
Widows 	 A police shootout leaves four thieves dead during an explosive armed robbery attempt in Chicago. Their widows have nothing in common except a debt left behind by their spouses' criminal activities. Hoping to forge a future on their own terms they join forces to pull off a heist. 	 ['Crime', 'Thriller']
3:10 to Yuma 	 In Arizona in the late 1800s infamous outlaw Ben Wade and his vicious gang of thieves and murderers have plagued the Southern Railroad. When Wade is captured Civil War veteran Dan Evans struggling to survive on his drought-plagued ranch volunteers to deliver him alive to the "3:10 to Yuma" a train that will take the killer to trial. 	 ['Western']
Left Behind 	 A small group of survivors are left behind after millions of people suddenly vanish during the rapture and the world is plunged into chaos and destruction. 	 ['Thriller', 'Action', 'Science Fiction']
Tomorrowland 	 Bound by a shared destiny a bright optimistic teen bursting with scientific curiosity and a former boy-genius inventor jaded by disillusionment embark on a danger-filled mission to unearth the secrets of an enigmatic place somewhere in time and space that exists in their collective memory as "Tomorrowland." 	 ['Adventure', 'Family', 'Mystery', 'Science Fiction']
Dracula 	 When Dracula leaves the captive Jonathan Harker and Transylvania for London in search of Mina Harker—the spitting image of Dracula's long-dead wife Elisabeta—obsessed vampire hunter Dr. Van Helsing sets out to end the madness. 	 ['Romance', 'Horror']
Cirque du Freak: The Vampire's Assistant 	 Darren Shan is a regular teenage kid. He and his friend Steve find out about a Freak Show coming to town and work hard at trying to find tickets. They do and together they go to "Cirque du Freak" where they see many strange acts including a wolf-man and a bearded lady 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Action', 'Thriller']
Knowing 	 A teacher opens a time capsule that has been dug up at his son's elementary school; in it are some chilling predictions -- some that have already occurred and others that are about to -- that lead him to believe his family plays a role in the events that are about to unfold. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Drama', 'Mystery', 'Science Fiction', 'Thriller']
13 Going on 30 	 After total humiliation at her thirteenth birthday party Jenna Rink wants to just hide until she's thirty. With a little magic her wish is granted but it turns out that being thirty isn't as always as awesome as she thought it would be! 	 ['Comedy', 'Fantasy', 'Romance']
Nightcrawler 	 When Lou Bloom desperate for work muscles into the world of L.A. crime journalism he blurs the line between observer and participant to become the star of his own story. Aiding him in his effort is Nina a TV-news veteran. 	 ['Crime', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
Godzilla 	 Ford Brody a Navy bomb expert has just reunited with his family in San Francisco when he is forced to go to Japan to help his estranged father Joe. Soon both men are swept up in an escalating crisis when Godzilla King of the Monsters arises from the sea to combat malevolent adversaries that threaten the survival of humanity. The creatures leave colossal destruction in their wake as they make their way toward their final battleground: San Francisco. 	 ['Action', 'Drama', 'Science Fiction']
Mission: Impossible III 	 Retired from active duty to train new IMF agents Ethan Hunt is called back into action to confront sadistic arms dealer Owen Davian. Hunt must try to protect his girlfriend while working with his new team to complete the mission. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Thriller']
Once Upon a Time in America 	 A former Prohibition-era Jewish gangster returns to the Lower East Side of Manhattan over thirty years later where he once again must confront the ghosts and regrets of his old life. 	 ['Drama', 'Crime']
The Three Musketeers 	 The hot-headed young D'Artagnan along with three former legendary but now down on their luck Musketeers must unite and defeat a beautiful double agent and her villainous employer from seizing the French throne and engulfing Europe in war. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Thriller']
John Wick: Chapter 2 	 John Wick is forced out of retirement by a former associate looking to seize control of a shadowy international assassins’ guild. Bound by a blood oath to aid him Wick travels to Rome and does battle against some of the world’s most dangerous killers. 	 ['Thriller', 'Action', 'Crime']
Cars 3 	 Blindsided by a new generation of blazing-fast racers the legendary Lightning McQueen is suddenly pushed out of the sport he loves. To get back in the game he will need the help of an eager young race technician with her own plan to win inspiration from the late Fabulous Hudson Hornet and a few unexpected turns. Proving that #95 isn't through yet will test the heart of a champion on Piston Cup Racing’s biggest stage! 	 ['Adventure', 'Animation', 'Comedy', 'Family']
Ice Age: Collision Course 	 Set after the events of Continental Drift Scrat's epic pursuit of his elusive acorn catapults him outside of Earth where he accidentally sets off a series of cosmic events that transform and threaten the planet. To save themselves from peril Manny Sid Diego and the rest of the herd leave their home and embark on a quest full of thrills and spills highs and lows laughter and adventure while traveling to exotic new lands and encountering a host of colorful new characters. 	 ['Adventure', 'Animation', 'Family', 'Comedy']
We Die Young 	 Lucas a 14-year-old boy inducted into the gang life in Washington D.C. is determined that his 10-year-old brother won't follow the same path. When an Afghanistan war veteran comes into the neighborhood an opportunity arises. 	 ['Drama']
Rambo 	 When governments fail to act on behalf of captive missionaries ex-Green Beret John James Rambo sets aside his peaceful existence along the Salween River in a war-torn region of Thailand to take action.  Although he's still haunted by violent memories of his time as a U.S. soldier during the Vietnam War Rambo can hardly turn his back on the aid workers who so desperately need his help. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller']
Superman II 	 Three escaped criminals from the planet Krypton test the Man of Steel's mettle. Led by Gen. Zod the Kryptonians take control of the White House and partner with Lex Luthor to destroy Superman and rule the world. But Superman who attempts to make himself human in order to get closer to Lois realizes he has a responsibility to save the planet. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Science Fiction']
Oculus 	 A woman tries to exonerate her brother's murder conviction by proving that the crime was committed by a supernatural phenomenon. 	 ['Horror']
Child's Play 	 A single mother gives her son a beloved doll for his birthday only to discover that it is possessed by the soul of a serial killer. 	 ['Horror']
Tag 	 For one month every year five highly competitive friends hit the ground running in a no-holds-barred game of tag they’ve been playing since the first grade. This year the game coincides with the wedding of their only undefeated player which should finally make him an easy target. But he knows they’re coming...and he’s ready. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama']
The Hunger Games: Catching Fire 	 Katniss Everdeen has returned home safe after winning the 74th Annual Hunger Games along with fellow tribute Peeta Mellark. Winning means that they must turn around and leave their family and close friends embarking on a "Victor's Tour" of the districts. Along the way Katniss senses that a rebellion is simmering but the Capitol is still very much in control as President Snow prepares the 75th Annual Hunger Games (The Quarter Quell) - a competition that could change Panem forever. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Science Fiction']
Ocean's Eleven 	 Less than 24 hours into his parole charismatic thief Danny Ocean is already rolling out his next plan: In one night Danny's hand-picked crew of specialists will attempt to steal more than $150 million from three Las Vegas casinos. But to score the cash Danny risks his chances of reconciling with ex-wife Tess. 	 ['Thriller', 'Crime']
The Expendables 3 	 Barney Christmas and the rest of the team comes face-to-face with Conrad Stonebanks who years ago co-founded The Expendables with Barney. Stonebanks subsequently became a ruthless arms trader and someone who Barney was forced to kill… or so he thought. Stonebanks who eluded death once before now is making it his mission to end The Expendables -- but Barney has other plans. Barney decides that he has to fight old blood with new blood and brings in a new era of Expendables team members recruiting individuals who are younger faster and more tech-savvy. The latest mission becomes a clash of classic old-school style versus high-tech expertise in the Expendables’ most personal battle yet. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Thriller']
I Kill Giants 	 Sophia a new high school student tries to make friends with Barbara who tells her that “she kills giants” protecting this way her hometown and its inhabitants who do not understand her strange behavior. 	 ['Drama', 'Fantasy']
Dial M for Murder 	 An ex-tennis pro carries out a plot to have his wife murdered after discovering she is having an affair and assumes she will soon leave him for the other man anyway. When things go wrong he improvises a new plan—to frame her for murder instead. 	 ['Crime', 'Thriller', 'Drama', 'Mystery']
Oblivion 	 Jack Harper is one of the last few drone repairmen stationed on Earth.  Part of a massive operation to extract vital resources after decades of war with a terrifying threat known as the Scavs Jack’s mission is nearly complete.  His existence is brought crashing down when he rescues a beautiful  stranger from a downed spacecraft.  Her arrival triggers a chain of events that  forces him to question everything he knows and puts the fate of humanity in his hands. 	 ['Action', 'Science Fiction', 'Adventure', 'Mystery']
King Arthur: Legend of the Sword 	 When the child Arthur’s father is murdered Vortigern Arthur’s uncle seizes the crown. Robbed of his birthright and with no idea who he truly is Arthur comes up the hard way in the back alleys of the city. But once he pulls the sword Excalibur from the stone his life is turned upside down and he is forced to acknowledge his true legacy... whether he likes it or not. 	 ['Action', 'Drama', 'Fantasy']
Lilo & Stitch 2: Stitch has a Glitch 	 Now we find the rowdy extraterrestrial getting used to life with his new ohana. However a malfunction in the ultimate creation of Dr. Jumba soon emerges which reinstates his destructive programming and threatens to both ruin his friendship with Lilo and to short him out for good! 	 ['Animation', 'Comedy', 'Family']
Mamma Mia! Here We Go Again 	 Five years after meeting her three fathers Sophie Sheridan prepares to open her mother’s hotel. In 1979 young Donna Sheridan meets the men who each could be Sophie’s biological father. 	 ['Comedy', 'Romance']
Sucker Punch 	 A young girl is institutionalized by her abusive stepfather. Retreating to an alternative reality as a coping strategy she envisions a plan which will help her escape from the mental facility. 	 ['Action', 'Fantasy', 'Thriller']
I Am Legend 	 Robert Neville is a scientist who was unable to stop the spread of the terrible virus that was incurable and man-made. Immune Neville is now the last human survivor in what is left of New York City and perhaps the world. For three years Neville has faithfully sent out daily radio messages desperate to find any other survivors who might be out there. But he is not alone. 	 ['Drama', 'Horror', 'Action', 'Thriller', 'Science Fiction']
For a Few Dollars More 	 Two bounty hunters are in pursuit of "El Indio one of the most wanted fugitives in the western territories, and his gang.
keywords 	 ['Western']
Herbie Fully Loaded 	 Maggie Peyton the new owner of Number 53 - the free-wheelin' Volkswagen bug with a mind of its own - puts the car through its paces on the road to becoming a NASCAR competitor. 	 ['Comedy', 'Family', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Romance']
Dark Shadows 	 Vampire Barnabas Collins is inadvertently freed from his tomb and emerges into the very changed world of 1972. He returns to Collinwood Manor to find that his once-grand estate and family have fallen into ruin. 	 ['Comedy', 'Fantasy']
The Upside 	 Phillip is a wealthy quadriplegic who needs a caretaker to help him with his day-to-day routine in his New York penthouse. He decides to hire Dell a struggling parolee who's trying to reconnect with his ex and his young son. Despite coming from two different worlds an unlikely friendship starts to blossom. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama']
Fifty Shades Freed 	 Believing they have left behind shadowy figures from their past newlyweds Christian and Ana fully embrace an inextricable connection and shared life of luxury. But just as she steps into her role as Mrs. Grey and he relaxes into an unfamiliar stability new threats could jeopardize their happy ending before it even begins. 	 ['Drama', 'Romance']
The Aviator 	 A biopic depicting the life of filmmaker and aviation pioneer Howard Hughes from 1927 to 1947 during which time he became a successful film producer and an aviation magnate while simultaneously growing more unstable due to severe obsessive-compulsive disorder. 	 ['Drama']
Spaceballs 	 When the nefarious Dark Helmet hatches a plan to snatch Princess Vespa and steal her planet's air space-bum-for-hire Lone Starr and his clueless sidekick fly to the rescue. Along the way they meet Yogurt who puts Lone Starr wise to the power of "The Schwartz." Can he master it in time to save the day? 	 ['Comedy', 'Science Fiction']
Bird Box 	 Five years after an ominous unseen presence drives most of society to suicide a survivor and her two children make a desperate bid to reach safety. 	 ['Thriller', 'Drama']
Step Up 3D 	 A tight-knit group of New York City street dancers including Luke and Natalie team up with NYU freshman Moose and find themselves pitted against the world's best hip hop dancers in a high-stakes showdown that will change their lives forever. 	 ['Drama', 'Romance']
Justice League: War 	 The world is under attack by an alien armada led by the powerful Apokoliptian Darkseid. A group of superheroes consisting of Superman Batman Wonder Woman The Flash Green Lantern Cyborg and Shazam must set aside their differences and gather together to defend Earth. 	 ['Animation']
The Town 	 Doug MacRay is a longtime thief who smarter than the rest of his crew is looking for his chance to exit the game. When a bank job leads to the group kidnapping an attractive branch manager he takes on the role of monitoring her – but their burgeoning relationship threatens to unveil the identities of Doug and his crew to the FBI Agent who is on their case. 	 ['Crime', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
The X Files: I Want to Believe 	 Six years after the events of The X-Files series finale former FBI agent Doctor Dana Scully is now a staff physician at Our Lady of Sorrows a Catholic hospital and treating a boy named Christian who has Sandhoff disease a terminal brain condition. FBI agent Drummy arrives to ask Scully’s help in locating Fox Mulder the fugitive former head of the X-Files division and says they will call off its manhunt for him if he will help investigate the disappearances of several women including young FBI agent Monica Banan.  Mulder and Scully are called back to duty by the FBI when a former priest claims to be receiving psychic visions pertaining to a kidnapped agent. 	 ['Drama', 'Mystery', 'Science Fiction', 'Thriller']
After 	 A young woman falls for a guy with a dark secret and the two embark on a rocky relationship. 	 ['Drama', 'Romance', 'Thriller']
Bridge of Spies 	 During the Cold War the Soviet Union captures U.S. pilot Francis Gary Powers after shooting down his U-2 spy plane. Sentenced to 10 years in prison Powers' only hope is New York lawyer James Donovan recruited by a CIA operative to negotiate his release. Donovan boards a plane to Berlin hoping to win the young man's freedom through a prisoner exchange. If all goes well the Russians would get Rudolf Abel the convicted spy who Donovan defended in court. 	 ['Thriller', 'Drama']
Police Academy 2: Their First Assignment 	 Officer Carey Mahoney and his cohorts have finally graduated from the Police Academy and are about to hit the streets on their first assignment. Question is are they ready to do battle with a band of graffiti-tagging terrorists? Time will tell but don't sell short this cheerful band of doltish boys in blue. 	 ['Comedy', 'Crime']
Before I Fall 	 Samantha Kingston has everything. Then everything changes. After one fateful night she wakes up with no future at all. Trapped into reliving the same day over and over she begins to question just how perfect her life really was. 	 ['Drama', 'Mystery', 'Thriller', 'Fantasy']
White Boy Rick 	 The story of teenager Richard Wershe Jr. who became an undercover informant for the police during the 1980s and was ultimately arrested for drug-trafficking and sentenced to life in prison. 	 ['Crime', 'Drama']
Ted 	 John Bennett a man whose childhood wish of bringing his teddy bear to life came true now must decide between keeping the relationship with the bear or his girlfriend Lori. 	 ['Comedy', 'Fantasy']
The Lost City of Z 	 A true-life drama in the 1920s centering on British explorer Col. Percy Fawcett who discovered evidence of a previously unknown advanced civilazation in the Amazon and disappeared whilst searching for it. 	 ['Adventure', 'Drama', 'History']
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone 	 Harry Potter has lived under the stairs at his aunt and uncle's house his whole life. But on his 11th birthday he learns he's a powerful wizard -- with a place waiting for him at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. As he learns to harness his newfound powers with the help of the school's kindly headmaster Harry uncovers the truth about his parents' deaths -- and about the villain who's to blame. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Family']
The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones 	 In New York City Clary Fray a seemingly ordinary teenager learns that she is descended from a line of Shadowhunters — half-angel warriors who protect humanity from evil forces. After her mother disappears Clary joins forces with a group of Shadowhunters and enters Downworld an alternate realm filled with demons vampires and a host of other creatures. Clary and her companions must find and protect an ancient cup that holds the key to her mother's future. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Drama', 'Mystery', 'Romance', 'Fantasy']
Rocky IV 	 After iron man Drago a highly intimidating 6-foot-5 261-pound Soviet athlete kills Apollo Creed in an exhibition match Rocky comes to the heart of Russia for 15 pile-driving boxing rounds of revenge. 	 ['Drama']
BlacKkKlansman 	 Colorado Springs late 1970s. Ron Stallworth an African American police officer and Flip Zimmerman his Jewish colleague run an undercover operation to infiltrate the Ku Klux Klan. 	 ['Crime', 'Drama']
Wonder Park 	 The story of a magnificent amusement park where the imagination of a wildly creative girl named June comes alive. 	 ['Comedy', 'Animation', 'Adventure', 'Family', 'Fantasy']
Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas 	 Raoul Duke and his attorney Dr. Gonzo drive a red convertible across the Mojave desert to Las Vegas with a suitcase full of drugs to cover a motorcycle race. As their consumption of drugs increases at an alarming rate the stoned duo trash their hotel room and fear legal repercussions. Duke begins to drive back to L.A. but after an odd run-in with a cop he returns to Sin City and continues his wild drug binge. 	 ['Adventure', 'Drama', 'Comedy']
Only the Brave 	 Members of the Granite Mountain Hotshots battle deadly wildfires to save an Arizona town. 	 ['Drama']
The Lincoln Lawyer 	 A lawyer conducts business from the back of his Lincoln town car while representing a high-profile client in Beverly Hills. 	 ['Crime', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
Dirty Grandpa 	 Jason Kelly is one week away from marrying his boss's uber-controlling daughter putting him on the fast track for a partnership at the law firm. However when the straight-laced Jason is tricked into driving his foul-mouthed grandfather Dick to Daytona for spring break his pending nuptials are suddenly in jeopardy. Between riotous frat parties bar fights and an epic night of karaoke Dick is on a quest to live his life to the fullest and bring Jason along for the ride. 	 ['Comedy']
A Good Day to Die Hard 	 Iconoclastic take-no-prisoners cop John McClane finds himself for the first time on foreign soil after traveling to Moscow to help his wayward son Jack - unaware that Jack is really a highly-trained CIA operative out to stop a nuclear weapons heist. With the Russian underworld in pursuit and battling a countdown to war the two McClanes discover that their opposing methods make them unstoppable heroes. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller']
xXx: State of the Union 	 Ice Cube stars as Darius Stone a thrill-seeking troublemaker whose criminal record and extreme sports obsession make him the perfect candidate to be the newest XXX agent. He must save the U.S. government from a deadly conspiracy led by five-star general and Secretary of Defense George Deckert (played by Willem Dafoe). 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Crime', 'Drama', 'Mystery', 'Thriller']
You Were Never Really Here 	 A traumatised veteran unafraid of violence tracks down missing girls for a living. When a job spins out of control Joe's nightmares overtake him as a conspiracy is uncovered leading to what may be his death trip or his awakening. 	 ['Thriller']
Mohabbat 	 Shekhar and Pooja are in love but cannot get married until Shekhar's family demands an unaffordable dowry to seal the deal. 	 ['Thriller']
The Messenger: The Story of Joan of Arc 	 In 1429 a teenage girl from a remote French village stood before her King with a message she claimed came from God; that she would defeat the world's greatest army and liberate her country from its political and religious turmoil. Following her mission to reclaim god's diminished kingdom - through her amazing victories until her violent and untimely death. 	 ['Adventure', 'Drama', 'Action', 'History', 'War']
Charlie's Angels 	 Three women detectives with a mysterious boss retrieve stolen voice-ID software using martial arts tech skills and sex appeal. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Crime', 'Thriller']
Happy Death Day 	 Collegian Tree Gelbman wakes up in horror to learn that she's stuck in a parallel universe. Her boyfriend Carter is now with someone else and her friends and fellow students seem to be completely different versions of themselves. When Tree discovers that Carter's roommate has been altering time she finds herself once again the target of a masked killer. When the psychopath starts to go after her inner circle Tree soon realizes that she must die over and over again to save everyone. 	 ['Horror', 'Mystery', 'Thriller', 'Science Fiction', 'Comedy']
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo 	 This English-language adaptation of the Swedish novel by Stieg Larsson follows a disgraced journalist Mikael Blomkvist as he investigates the disappearance of a weary patriarch's niece from 40 years ago. He is aided by the pierced tattooed punk computer hacker named Lisbeth Salander. As they work together in the investigation Blomkvist and Salander uncover immense corruption beyond anything they have ever imagined. 	 ['Thriller', 'Crime', 'Mystery', 'Drama']
Kiki's Delivery Service 	 A young witch on her mandatory year of independent life finds fitting into a new community difficult while she supports herself by running an air courier service. 	 ['Animation', 'Adventure', 'Drama', 'Fantasy', 'Family']
Kick-Ass 2 	 After Kick-Ass’ insane bravery inspires a new wave of self-made masked crusaders he joins a patrol led by the Colonel Stars and Stripes. When these amateur superheroes are hunted down by Red Mist — reborn as The Mother Fucker — only the blade-wielding Hit-Girl can prevent their annihilation. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Crime']
25th Hour 	 In New York City in the days following the events of 9/11 Monty Brogan is a convicted drug dealer about to start a seven-year prison sentence and his final hours of freedom are devoted to hanging out with his closest buddies and trying to prepare his girlfriend for his extended absence. 	 ['Crime', 'Drama']
Les Misérables 	 An adaptation of the successful stage musical based on Victor Hugo's classic novel set in 19th-century France in which a paroled prisoner named Jean Valjean seeks redemption. 	 ['History', 'Drama']
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes 	 A group of scientists in San Francisco struggle to stay alive in the aftermath of a plague that is wiping out humanity while Caesar tries to maintain dominance over his community of intelligent apes. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Action', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
Fate/stay night: Heaven’s Feel II. lost butterfly 	 Theatrical-release adaptation of the visual novel "Fate/stay night" following the third and final route. (Part 2 of a trilogy.) 	 ['Animation', 'Action', 'Fantasy', 'Adventure']
Frivolous Lola 	 The story takes place in northern Italy in the 1950's. Lola and Masetto are about to get married. Masetto wants to keep Lola as a virgin until they are married. But Lola is impatient to remain in chastity until the wedding night. She wants to be sure that Masetto is a good lover before she commits herself into marriage. She does everything to trick Masetto into breaking the moral tradition. 	 ['Comedy', 'Romance']
War 	 FBI agent Jack Crawford is out for revenge when his partner is killed and all clues point to the mysterious assassin Rogue. But when Rogue turns up years later to take care of some unfinished business he triggers a violent clash of rival gangs. Will the truth come out before it's too late? And when the dust settles who will remain standing? 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Crime']
Species 	 In 1993 the Search for Extra Terrestrial Intelligence Project receives a transmission detailing an alien DNA structure along with instructions on how to splice it with human DNA. The result is Sil a sensual but deadly creature who can change from a beautiful woman to an armour-plated killing machine in the blink of an eye. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Horror', 'Action']
Early Man 	 Dug along with his sidekick Hognob unite a cavemen tribe to save their hidden valley from being spoiled and all together as a team to face the menace of a mysterious and mighty enemy on the turf of an ancient and sacred sport. 	 ['Family', 'Comedy', 'Animation', 'Adventure']
Sin City: A Dame to Kill For 	 Some of Sin City's most hard-boiled citizens cross paths with a few of its more reviled inhabitants. 	 ['Crime', 'Thriller']
Holiday 	 A love triangle featuring the trophy girlfriend of a petty drug lord caught up in a web of luxury and violence in a modern dark gangster tale set in the beautiful port city of Bodrum on the Turkish Riviera. 	 ['Drama']
M*A*S*H 	 The staff of a Korean War field hospital use humor and high jinks to keep their sanity in the face of the horror of war. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama', 'War']
We Believe in Dinosaurs 	 Williamstown Kentucky is home to the Ark Encounter – a “life-size” creationist museum filled with all of the creatures that traveled in Noah's Ark including dinosaurs. With incredible access to the park leading up to its opening the filmmakers expose the larger system behind the creationist movement piecing together the many factors that have led to the museum presenting its information as historical fact and the people who are fighting to set the scientific record straight. Amid a climate of science denial and a well-funded corporate behemoth three Kentuckians (a local geologist an ex-creationist and an atheist activist) try their best to challenge the movement that is taking over their home state.  Meanwhile fervent believers work diligently to create the lifelike animatronics that will be on display in the Ark. Leaving judgement aside this documentary challenges the deep-seated doctrine that is passed down among creationists pitting scientific fact vs. religious belief. 	 ['Documentary']
American Pie Presents: Band Camp 	 Everyone has 'moved on' except for Sherman and Jim Levenstein's still understanding father. Little Matt Stiffler wants to join his older brother Steve's business and after everything Matt has heard from Jim's band-geek wife he plans to go back to band camp and make a video of his own. 	 ['Comedy']
Men in Black 3 	 Agents J and K are back...in time. J has seen some inexplicable things in his 15 years with the Men in Black but nothing not even aliens perplexes him as much as his wry reticent partner. But when K's life and the fate of the planet are put at stake Agent J will have to travel back in time to put things right. J discovers that there are secrets to the universe that K never told him - secrets that will reveal themselves as he teams up with the young Agent K to save his partner the agency and the future of humankind. 	 ['Action', 'Comedy', 'Science Fiction']
The Darkest Minds 	 After a disease kills 98% of America's children the surviving 2% develop superpowers and are placed in internment camps. A 16-year-old girl escapes her camp and joins a group of other teens on the run from the government. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Thriller']
Clerks 	 Convenience and video store clerks Dante and Randal are sharp-witted potty-mouthed and bored out of their minds. So in between needling customers the counter jockeys play hockey on the roof visit a funeral home and deal with their love lives. 	 ['Comedy']
The Mummy Returns 	 Rick and Evelyn O’Connell along with their 8-year-old son Alex discover the key to the legendary Scorpion King’s might: the fabled Bracelet of Anubis. Unfortunately a newly resurrected Imhotep has designs on the bracelet as well and isn’t above kidnapping its new bearer Alex to gain control of Anubis’s otherworldly army. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Fantasy']
Revenge 	 Jen is enjoying a romantic getaway with her wealthy boyfriend which is disrupted when his friends suddenly arrive. Tension mounts at the house until the situation culminates in an unexpected way. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Horror']
Thor: Ragnarok 	 Thor is imprisoned on the other side of the universe and finds himself in a race against time to get back to Asgard to stop Ragnarok the destruction of his home-world and the end of Asgardian civilization at the hands of an all-powerful new threat the ruthless Hela. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Fantasy', 'Science Fiction']
Contact 	 Contact is a science fiction film about an encounter with alien intelligence. Based on the novel by Carl Sagan the film starred Jodie Foster as the one chosen scientist who must make some difficult decisions between her beliefs the truth and reality. 	 ['Drama', 'Science Fiction', 'Mystery']
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith 	 Years after the onset of the Clone Wars the noble Jedi Knights lead a massive clone army into a galaxy-wide battle against the Separatists. When the sinister Sith unveil a thousand-year-old plot to rule the galaxy the Republic crumbles and from its ashes rises the evil Galactic Empire. Jedi hero Anakin Skywalker is seduced by the dark side of the Force to become the Emperor's new apprentice – Darth Vader. The Jedi are decimated as Obi-Wan Kenobi and Jedi Master Yoda are forced into hiding. The only hope for the galaxy are Anakin's own offspring – the twin children born in secrecy who will grow up to become heroes. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Adventure', 'Action']
The Abyss 	 A civilian oil rig crew is recruited to conduct a search and rescue effort when a nuclear submarine mysteriously sinks. One diver soon finds himself on a spectacular odyssey 25000 feet below the ocean's surface where he confronts a mysterious force that has the power to change the world or destroy it. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Thriller', 'Science Fiction']
The Da Vinci Code 	 A murder in Paris’ Louvre Museum and cryptic clues in some of Leonardo da Vinci’s most famous paintings lead to the discovery of a religious mystery. For 2000 years a secret society closely guards information that — should it come to light — could rock the very foundations of Christianity. 	 ['Thriller', 'Mystery']
The Loft 	 For five men the opportunity to share a penthouse in the city -- in which to carry on extramarital affairs -- is a dream come true until the dead body of an unknown woman turns up. Realizing that her killer must be one of their group the men are gripped by paranoia as each one suspects another. Friendships are tested loyalties are questioned and marriages crumble while fear and suspicion run rampant. 	 ['Thriller']
18 Year Old Virgin 	 In a series of sexual mishaps a high school senior tries to lose her virginity on the last night before graduation. 	 ['Comedy']
The Miseducation of Cameron Post 	 In 1993 teenager Cameron is sent to a gay conversion therapy center after getting caught with another girl in the back seat of a car on prom night. Run by the strict and severe Dr. Lydia Marsh and her brother Reverend Rick the center is built upon repenting for "same sex attraction." In the face of intolerance and denial Cameron meets a group of fellow sinners including the amputee stoner Jane and her friend the Lakota Two-Spirit Adam. Together this group of teenagers form an unlikely family as they fight to survive. 	 ['Drama']
Big Trouble in Little China 	 When trucker Jack Burton agreed to take his friend Wang Chi to pick up his fiancee at the airport he never expected to get involved in a supernatural battle between good and evil. Wang's fiancee has emerald green eyes which make her a perfect target for immortal sorcerer Lo Pan and his three invincible cronies. Lo Pan must marry a girl with green eyes so he can regain his physical form. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Fantasy']
Babel 	 Tragedy strikes a married couple on vacation in the Moroccan desert touching off an interlocking story involving four different families. 	 ['Drama']
The Bourne Supremacy 	 When a CIA operation to purchase classified Russian documents is blown by a rival agent who then shows up in the sleepy seaside village where Bourne and Marie have been living. The pair run for their lives and Bourne who promised retaliation should anyone from his former life attempt contact is forced to once again take up his life as a trained assassin to survive. 	 ['Action', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
Missing Link 	 The charismatic Sir Lionel Frost considers himself to be the world's foremost investigator of myths and monsters. Trouble is none of his small-minded high-society peers seems to recognize this. Hoping to finally gain acceptance from these fellow adventurers Sir Lionel travels to the Pacific Northwest to prove the existence of a legendary creature known as the missing link. 	 ['Animation', 'Comedy', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Family']
The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader 	 This time around Edmund and Lucy Pevensie along with their pesky cousin Eustace Scrubb find themselves swallowed into a painting and on to a fantastic Narnian ship headed for the very edges of the world. 	 ['Adventure', 'Family', 'Fantasy']
Lilo & Stitch 	 As Stitch a runaway genetic experiment from a faraway planet wreaks havoc on the Hawaiian Islands he becomes the mischievous adopted alien "puppy" of an independent little girl named Lilo and learns about loyalty friendship and 'ohana the Hawaiian tradition of family. 	 ['Animation', 'Family']
Gerald's Game 	 When her husband's sex game goes wrong Jessie (who is handcuffed to a bed in a remote lake house) faces warped visions dark secrets and a dire choice. 	 ['Drama', 'Horror', 'Thriller']
Suicide Squad 	 From DC Comics comes the Suicide Squad an antihero team of incarcerated supervillains who act as deniable assets for the United States government undertaking high-risk black ops missions in exchange for commuted prison sentences. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Crime', 'Fantasy', 'Science Fiction']
One Hundred and One Dalmatians 	 When a litter of dalmatian puppies are abducted by the minions of Cruella De Vil the parents must find them before she uses them for a diabolical fashion statement. 	 ['Adventure', 'Animation', 'Comedy', 'Family']
Justice League: The Flashpoint Paradox 	 When time travel allows a past wrong to be righted for The Flash and his family the ripples of the event prove disastrous as a fractured alternate reality now exists where a Justice League never formed and even Superman is nowhere to be found. Teaming with a grittier more violent Dark Knight and Cyborg Flash races to restore the continuity of his original timeline while this new world is ravaged by a fierce war between Wonder Woman's Amazons and Aquaman’s Atlanteans. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Science Fiction', 'Animation', 'Action', 'Adventure']
Star Wars 	 Princess Leia is captured and held hostage by the evil Imperial forces in their effort to take over the galactic Empire. Venturesome Luke Skywalker and dashing captain Han Solo team together with the loveable robot duo R2-D2 and C-3PO to rescue the beautiful princess and restore peace and justice in the Empire. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Science Fiction']
Perfect Strangers 	 During a dinner a group of friends decide to share whatever text message or phone call they will receive during the evening - and all hell breaks loose. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama']
Black Swan 	 A journey through the psyche of a young ballerina whose starring role as the duplicitous swan queen turns out to be a part for which she becomes frighteningly perfect. 	 ['Drama', 'Thriller']
Scream 4 	 Sidney Prescott now the author of a self-help book returns home to Woodsboro on the last stop of her book tour. There she reconnects with Sheriff Dewey and Gale who are now married as well as her cousin Jill and her Aunt Kate. Unfortunately Sidney's appearance also brings about the return of Ghostface putting Sidney Gale and Dewey along with Jill her friends and the whole town of Woodsboro in danger. 	 ['Horror', 'Mystery']
Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa 	 Alex Marty and other zoo animals find a way to escape from Madagascar when the penguins reassemble a wrecked airplane. The precariously repaired craft stays airborne just long enough to make it to the African continent. There the New Yorkers encounter members of their own species for the first time. Africa proves to be a wild place but Alex and company wonder if it is better than their Central Park home. 	 ['Family', 'Animation', 'Comedy']
Invasion of the Body Snatchers 	 A small-town doctor learns that the population of his community is being replaced by emotionless alien duplicates. 	 ['Horror', 'Science Fiction']
From Dusk Till Dawn 	 Seth Gecko and his younger brother Richard are on the run after a bloody bank robbery in Texas. They escape across the border into Mexico and will be home-free the next morning when they pay off the local kingpin. They just have to survive 'from dusk till dawn' at the rendezvous point which turns out to be a Hell of a strip joint. 	 ['Horror', 'Action', 'Thriller', 'Crime']
The Finest Hours 	 The Coast Guard makes a daring rescue attempt off the coast of Cape Cod after a pair of oil tankers are destroyed during a blizzard in 1952. 	 ['Action', 'Drama', 'History', 'Thriller']
The Age of Adaline 	 After 29-year-old Adaline recovers from a nearly lethal accident she inexplicably stops growing older. As the years stretch on and on Adaline keeps her secret to herself  until she meets a man who changes her life. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Drama', 'Romance']
Gods of Egypt 	 A common thief joins a mythical god on a quest through Egypt. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Science Fiction']
Avengers: Endgame 	 After the devastating events of Avengers: Infinity War the universe is in ruins due to the efforts of the Mad Titan Thanos. With the help of remaining allies the Avengers must assemble once more in order to undo Thanos' actions and restore order to the universe once and for all no matter what consequences may be in store. 	 ['Adventure', 'Science Fiction', 'Action']
The Place Beyond the Pines 	 A motorcycle stunt rider considers committing a crime in order to provide for his wife and child an act that puts him on a collision course with a cop-turned-politician. 	 ['Drama', 'Crime']
Mirage 	 New York City. David Stillwell struggles to recover his memory before the people who are trying to kill him succeed. Who is he who are they and why is he surrounded by murder? 	 ['Mystery', 'Thriller']
Avatar 	 In the 22nd century a paraplegic Marine is dispatched to the moon Pandora on a unique mission but becomes torn between following orders and protecting an alien civilization. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Science Fiction']
Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl 	 Jack Sparrow a freewheeling 18th-century pirate quarrels with a rival pirate bent on pillaging Port Royal. When the governor's daughter is kidnapped Sparrow decides to help the girl's love save her. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Action']
Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World 	 After an abrupt and violent encounter with a French warship inflicts severe damage upon his ship a captain of the British Royal Navy begins a chase over two oceans to capture or destroy the enemy though he must weigh his commitment to duty and ferocious pursuit of glory against the safety of his devoted crew including the ship's thoughtful surgeon his best friend. 	 ['Adventure', 'Drama', 'War']
Ghost in the Shell 	 In the near future Major is the first of her kind: a human saved from a terrible crash then cyber-enhanced to be a perfect soldier devoted to stopping the world's most dangerous criminals. 	 ['Action', 'Science Fiction', 'Thriller', 'Drama']
Superman 	 Mild-mannered Clark Kent works as a reporter at the Daily Planet alongside his crush Lois Lane. Clark must summon his superhero alter-ego when the nefarious Lex Luthor launches a plan to take over the world. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Science Fiction']
Eastern Promises 	 A Russian teenager living in London dies during childbirth but leaves clues to a midwife in her journal that could tie her child to a rape involving a violent Russian mob family. 	 ['Thriller', 'Crime', 'Mystery']
Hancock 	 Hancock is a down-and-out superhero who's forced to employ a PR expert to help repair his image when the public grows weary of all the damage he's inflicted during his lifesaving heroics. The agent's idea of imprisoning the antihero to make the world miss him proves successful but will Hancock stick to his new sense of purpose or slip back into old habits? 	 ['Fantasy', 'Action']
Spirited Away 	 A young girl Chihiro becomes trapped in a strange new world of spirits. When her parents undergo a mysterious transformation she must call upon the courage she never knew she had to free her family. 	 ['Animation', 'Family', 'Fantasy']
Scooby-Doo! and the Loch Ness Monster 	 While the gang travel to Scotland to visit Daphne's cousin and witness the Highland Games they find themselves terrorized by the legendary Loch Ness Monster. 	 ['Adventure', 'Animation', 'Comedy', 'Family', 'Fantasy', 'Mystery']
The Hunchback of Notre Dame II 	 Now that Frollo is gone Quasimodo rings the bell with the help of his new friend and Esmeralda's and Phoebus' little son Zephyr. But when Quasi stops by a traveling circus owned by evil magician Sarousch he falls for Madellaine Sarouch's assistant. 	 ['Adventure', 'Animation', 'Family', 'Romance']
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix 	 Returning for his fifth year of study at Hogwarts Harry is stunned to find that his warnings about the return of Lord Voldemort have been ignored. Left with no choice Harry takes matters into his own hands training a small group of students – dubbed 'Dumbledore's Army' – to defend themselves against the dark arts. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Family', 'Mystery']
Inside Out 	 Growing up can be a bumpy road and it's no exception for Riley who is uprooted from her Midwest life when her father starts a new job in San Francisco. Like all of us Riley is guided by her emotions - Joy Fear Anger Disgust and Sadness. The emotions live in Headquarters the control center inside Riley's mind where they help advise her through everyday life. As Riley and her emotions struggle to adjust to a new life in San Francisco turmoil ensues in Headquarters. Although Joy Riley's main and most important emotion tries to keep things positive the emotions conflict on how best to navigate a new city house and school. 	 ['Drama', 'Comedy', 'Animation', 'Family']
The Possession of Hannah Grace 	 When a cop who is just out of rehab takes the graveyard shift in a city hospital morgue she faces a series of bizarre violent events caused by an evil entity in one of the corpses. 	 ['Horror']
The Count of Monte Cristo 	 Edmond Dantés's life and plans to marry the beautiful Mercedes are shattered when his best friend Fernand deceives him. After spending 13 miserable years in prison Dantés escapes with the help of a fellow inmate and plots his revenge cleverly insinuating himself into the French nobility. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
Jigsaw 	 Dead bodies begin to turn up all over the city each meeting their demise in a variety of grisly ways. All investigations begin to point the finger at deceased killer John Kramer. 	 ['Crime', 'Horror', 'Mystery', 'Thriller']
Steel Country 	 When a young boy turns up dead in a sleepy Pennsylvania town a local sanitation truck driver Donald plays detective embarking on a precarious and obsessive investigation to prove the boy was murdered. 	 ['Thriller', 'Mystery']
2001: A Space Odyssey 	 Humanity finds a mysterious object buried beneath the lunar surface and sets off to find its origins with the help of HAL 9000 the world's most advanced super computer. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Mystery', 'Adventure']
Spirit: Stallion of the Cimarron 	 As a wild stallion travels across the frontiers of the Old West he befriends a young human and finds true love with a mare. 	 ['Western', 'Animation', 'Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Family']
Marauders 	 An untraceable group of elite bank robbers is chased by a suicidal FBI agent who uncovers a deeper purpose behind the robbery-homicides. 	 ['Action', 'Crime', 'Thriller']
21 	 Ben Campbell is a young highly intelligent student at M.I.T. in Boston who strives to succeed. Wanting a scholarship to transfer to Harvard School of Medicine with the desire to become a doctor Ben learns that he cannot afford the $300000 for the four to five years of schooling as he comes from a poor working-class background. But one evening Ben is introduced by his unorthodox math professor Micky Rosa into a small but secretive club of five. Students Jill Choi Kianna and Fisher who are being trained by Professor Rosa of the skill of card counting at blackjack. 	 ['Drama', 'Crime']
Surf's Up 	 Cody is a surfing penguin from Shiverpool who dreams of making it big and being like his idol Big Z. On his journey he discovers his talents are not all he thinks they are and he must learn to accept that their is more to surfing than fame and fortune.  Surf's Up is a 2007 American computer-animated mockumentary film produced by Sony Pictures Animation and distributed by Columbia Pictures and ImageWorks Studios. It stars the voices of Shia LaBeouf Jeff Bridges Zooey Deschanel Jon Heder among others. 	 ['Animation', 'Comedy', 'Family']
The Huntsman: Winter's War 	 As two evil sisters prepare to conquer the land two renegades—Eric the Huntsman who aided Snow White in defeating Ravenna in Snowwhite and the Huntsman and his forbidden lover Sara—set out to stop them. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Drama']
Chappie 	 Every child comes into the world full of promise and none more so than Chappie: he is gifted special a prodigy. Like any child Chappie will come under the influence of his surroundings—some good some bad—and he will rely on his heart and soul to find his way in the world and become his own man. But there's one thing that makes Chappie different from any one else: he is a robot. 	 ['Crime', 'Action', 'Science Fiction']
Pitch Perfect 	 College student Beca knows she does not want to be part of a clique but that's exactly where she finds herself after arriving at her new school. Thrust in among mean gals nice gals and just plain weird gals Beca finds that the only thing they have in common is how well they sing together. She takes the women of the group out of their comfort zone of traditional arrangements and into a world of amazing harmonic combinations in a fight to the top of college music competitions. 	 ['Comedy', 'Music', 'Romance']
The Old Man & the Gun 	 The true story of Forrest Tucker from his audacious escape from San Quentin at the age of 70 to an unprecedented string of heists that confounded authorities and enchanted the public.  Wrapped up in the pursuit are a detective who becomes captivated with Forrest’s commitment to his craft and a woman who loves him in spite of his chosen profession. 	 ['Comedy', 'Crime', 'Drama']
Django Unchained 	 With the help of a German bounty hunter a freed slave sets out to rescue his wife from a brutal Mississippi plantation owner. 	 ['Drama', 'Western']
Anastasia 	 This animated adventure retells the story of the lost daughter of Russia's last czar. The evil Rasputin places a curse on the Romanov family and Anastasia and her grandmother Empress Maria get separated. After growing up in an orphanage Anastasia encounters two Russian men seeking a reward offered by Empress Maria for the return of her granddaughter. The trio travels to Paris where they find that the empress has grown skeptical of imposters. 	 ['Animation', 'Family']
Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle 	 The tables are turned as four teenagers are sucked into Jumanji's world - pitted against rhinos black mambas and an endless variety of jungle traps and puzzles. To survive they'll play as characters from the game. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Fantasy']
The Swan Princess: Escape from Castle Mountain 	 The first wedding anniversary of Princess Odette and Prince Derek is distracted by field fires set by Knuckles. His master Clavius wants to conquer the world and he needs to capture a giant orb to do that. Clavius kidnaps Queen Uberta and Odette with Derek have to save her. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Animation', 'Romance', 'Family']
The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug 	 The Dwarves Bilbo and Gandalf have successfully escaped the Misty Mountains and Bilbo has gained the One Ring. They all continue their journey to get their gold back from the Dragon Smaug. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Action']
Percy Jackson & the Olympians: The Lightning Thief 	 Accident prone teenager Percy discovers he's actually a demi-God the son of Poseidon and he is needed when Zeus' lightning is stolen. Percy must master his new found skills in order to prevent a war between the Gods that could devastate the entire world. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Family']
Satsujinki wo Kauonna 	 When Kyoko was a child her stepfather loved her sexually. She took refuge in the world of fantasy and multiple personalities. Kyoko has three flat-mates now one of whom is a lesbian who is into Kyoko. In turn Kyoko is beginning to be horny. Unfortunately this is not helping Kyoko's precarious mental state. 	 ['Thriller', 'Horror']
Grown Ups 2 	 The all-star comedy cast from Grown Ups returns (with some exciting new additions) for more summertime laughs. Lenny (Adam Sandler) has relocated his family back to the small town where he and his friends grew up. This time around the grown ups are the ones learning lessons from their kids on a day notoriously full of surprises: the last day of school. 	 ['Comedy']
Sierra Burgess Is a Loser 	 A case of mistaken identity results in unexpected romance when the most popular girl in high school and the biggest loser must come together to win over their crushes. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama', 'Romance']
Friday the 13th 	 Camp counselors are stalked and murdered by an unknown assailant while trying to reopen a summer camp that was the site of a child's drowning. 	 ['Horror']
Arrival 	 Taking place after alien crafts land around the world an expert linguist is recruited by the military to determine whether they come in peace or are a threat. 	 ['Drama', 'Science Fiction', 'Mystery']
Don't Be Afraid of the Dark 	 A young girl sent to live with her father and his new girlfriend discovers creatures in her new home who want to claim her as one of their own. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Horror', 'Thriller']
Caligula 	 The perversion behind imperial Rome the epic story of Rome's mad Emporer. All the details of his cruel bizarre reign are revealed right here: His unholy sexual passion for his sister his marriage to Rome's most infamous prostitute his fiendishly inventive means of disposing those who would oppose him and more. 	 ['Drama', 'History', 'Romance']
Bambi 	 Bambi's tale unfolds from season to season as the young prince of the forest learns about life love and friends. 	 ['Animation', 'Drama', 'Family']
Tully 	 Marlo a mother of three including a newborn is gifted a night nanny by her brother. Hesitant to the extravagance at first Marlo comes to form a bond with the thoughtful surprising and sometimes challenging nanny named Tully. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama']
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire 	 Harry starts his fourth year at Hogwarts competes in the treacherous Triwizard Tournament and faces the evil Lord Voldemort. Ron and Hermione help Harry manage the pressure – but Voldemort lurks awaiting his chance to destroy Harry and all that he stands for. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Family']
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy 	 Mere seconds before the Earth is to be demolished by an alien construction crew Arthur Dent is swept off the planet by his friend Ford Prefect a researcher penning a new edition of "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy." 	 ['Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Family', 'Science Fiction']
Knight and Day 	 A fugitive couple goes on a glamorous and sometimes deadly adventure where nothing and no one – even themselves – are what they seem. Amid shifting alliances and unexpected betrayals they race across the globe with their survival ultimately hinging on the battle of truth vs. trust. 	 ['Action', 'Comedy']
Captive State 	 Nearly a decade after occupation by an extraterrestrial force the lives of a Chicago neighborhood on both sides of the conflict are explored. 	 ['Thriller', 'Science Fiction']
Ted 2 	 Newlywed couple Ted and Tami-Lynn want to have a baby but in order to qualify to be a parent Ted will have to prove he's a person in a court of law. 	 ['Comedy']
The Predator 	 When a kid accidentally triggers the universe's most lethal hunters' return to Earth only a ragtag crew of ex-soldiers and a disgruntled female scientist can prevent the end of the human race. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Action', 'Thriller', 'Adventure', 'Horror']
Desire 	 The story is about a woman who lives alone. Her son went to his father in another place. The first character is a maid in a hotel to serve the people. First she got some serious problems in her job. She couldn't take care of both her job and her son. Her supervisor solved some her problems because he was a good man and may like her. She was not rich and proud she listened her colleague advice about sex because she didn't have sex for about seven years. She went accidentally to a room who a blind man is living. He was naked after a shower and he talked on his phone. after that he looked for his socks but he touched the maid body that listened his conversation and be completely quiet. then they started to do sex. 	 ['Drama', 'Romance']
The Butterfly Effect 	 A young man struggles to access sublimated childhood memories. He finds a technique that allows him to travel back into the past to occupy his childhood body and change history. However he soon finds that every change he makes has unexpected consequences. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Thriller']
Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 	 After the disastrous food storm in the first film Flint and his friends are forced to leave the town. Flint accepts the invitation from his idol Chester V to join The Live Corp Company which has been tasked to clean the island and where the best inventors in the world create technologies for the betterment of mankind. When Flint discovers that his machine still operates and now creates mutant food beasts like living pickles hungry tacodiles shrimpanzees and apple pie-thons he and his friends must return to save the world. 	 ['Animation', 'Family', 'Comedy']
Monsters University 	 A look at the relationship between Mike and Sulley during their days at Monsters University — when they weren't necessarily the best of friends. 	 ['Animation', 'Family']
How to Train Your Dragon 	 As Hiccup fulfills his dream of creating a peaceful dragon utopia Toothless’ discovery of an untamed elusive mate draws the Night Fury away. When danger mounts at home and Hiccup’s reign as village chief is tested both dragon and rider must make impossible decisions to save their kind. 	 ['Animation', 'Family', 'Adventure']
Female War: A Nasty Deal 	 Painter Ha-rim became blind due to an unfortunate accident. His wife Sun-yeong searches far and low for a cornea donor until she meets terminal cancer patient Dae-geun. These two make a startling and dangerous deal for Ha-rim's cornea. 	 ['Drama', 'Romance']
Apostle 	 In 1905 a man travels to a remote island in search of his missing sister who has been kidnapped by a mysterious religious cult. 	 ['Thriller', 'Mystery', 'Fantasy', 'Horror']
The Spy Who Dumped Me 	 Audrey and Morgan two thirty-year-old best friends in Los Angeles are thrust unexpectedly into an international conspiracy when Audrey’s ex-boyfriend shows up at their apartment with a team of deadly assassins on his trail. 	 ['Action', 'Comedy']
There's Something About Mary 	 For Ted prom night went about as bad as it’s possible for any night to go. Thirteen years later he finally gets another chance with his old prom date only to run up against other suitors including the sleazy detective he hired to find her. 	 ['Romance', 'Comedy']
Tombstone 	 Legendary marshal Wyatt Earp now a weary gunfighter joins his brothers Morgan and Virgil to pursue their collective fortune in the thriving mining town of Tombstone. But Earp is forced to don a badge again and get help from his notorious pal Doc Holliday when a gang of renegade brigands and rustlers begins terrorizing the town. 	 ['Western']
Déjà Vu 	 Called in to recover evidence in the aftermath of a horrific explosion on a New Orleans ferry Federal agent Doug Carlin gets pulled away from the scene and taken to a top-secret government lab that uses a time-shifting surveillance device to help prevent crime. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Science Fiction']
Irreversible 	 Events over the course of one traumatic night in Paris unfold in reverse-chronological order as the beautiful Alex is brutally raped and beaten by a stranger in the underpass. Her boyfriend and ex-lover take matters into their own hands by hiring two criminals to help them find the rapist so that they can exact revenge. A simultaneously beautiful and terrible examination of the destructive nature of cause and effect and how time destroys everything. 	 ['Drama', 'Thriller', 'Crime', 'Mystery']
Reservoir Dogs 	 A botched robbery indicates a police informant and the pressure mounts in the aftermath at a warehouse. Crime begets violence as the survivors -- veteran Mr. White newcomer Mr. Orange psychopathic parolee Mr. Blonde bickering weasel Mr. Pink and Nice Guy Eddie -- unravel. 	 ['Crime', 'Thriller']
Evil Dead II 	 Ash Williams and his girlfriend Linda find a log cabin in the woods with a voice recording from an archeologist who had recorded himself reciting ancient chants from "The Book of the Dead." As they play the recording an evil power is unleashed taking over Linda's body. 	 ['Horror', 'Comedy', 'Fantasy']
The Princess Diaries 	 A socially awkward but very bright 15-year-old girl being raised by a single mom discovers that she is the princess of a small European country because of the recent death of her long-absent father who unknown to her was the crown prince of Genovia. She must make a choice between continuing the life of a San Francisco teen or stepping up to the throne. 	 ['Comedy', 'Family', 'Romance']
Mr. & Mrs. Smith 	 After five (or six) years of vanilla-wedded bliss ordinary suburbanites John and Jane Smith are stuck in a huge rut. Unbeknownst to each other they are both coolly lethal highly-paid assassins working for rival organisations. When they discover they're each other's next target their secret lives collide in a spicy explosive mix of wicked comedy pent-up passion nonstop action and high-tech weaponry. 	 ['Action', 'Comedy', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
Assassination Nation 	 High school senior Lily and her group of friends live in a haze of texts posts selfies and chats just like the rest of the world. So when an anonymous hacker starts posting details from the private lives of everyone in their small town the result is absolute madness leaving Lily and her friends questioning whether they'll live through the night. 	 ['Thriller', 'Comedy', 'Action', 'Drama', 'Crime']
The Grand Budapest Hotel 	 The Grand Budapest Hotel tells of a legendary concierge at a famous European hotel between the wars and his friendship with a young employee who becomes his trusted protégé. The story involves the theft and recovery of a priceless Renaissance painting the battle for an enormous family fortune and the slow and then sudden upheavals that transformed Europe during the first half of the 20th century. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama']
10 Things I Hate About You 	 On the first day at his new school Cameron instantly falls for Bianca the gorgeous girl of his dreams. The only problem is that Bianca is forbidden to date until her ill-tempered completely un-dateable older sister Kat goes out too. In an attempt to solve his problem Cameron singles out the only guy who could possibly be a match for Kat: a mysterious bad boy with a nasty reputation of his own. 	 ['Comedy', 'Romance', 'Drama']
True Lies 	 Harry Tasker is a secret agent for the United States Government. For years he has kept his job from his wife but is forced to reveal his identity and try to stop nuclear terrorists when he and his wife are kidnapped by them. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller']
Hercules 	 Fourteen hundred years ago a tormented soul walked the earth that was neither man nor god. Hercules was the powerful son of the god king Zeus for this he received nothing but suffering his entire life. After twelve arduous labors and the loss of his family this dark world-weary soul turned his back on the gods finding his only solace in bloody battle. Over the years he warmed to the company of six similar souls their only bond being their love of fighting and presence of death. These men and woman never question where they go to fight or why or whom just how much they will be paid. Now the King of Thrace has hired these mercenaries to train his men to become the greatest army of all time. It is time for this bunch of lost souls to finally have their eyes opened to how far they have fallen when they must train an army to become as ruthless and blood thirsty as their reputation has become. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure']
The Lego Movie 	 An ordinary Lego mini-figure mistakenly thought to be the extraordinary MasterBuilder is recruited to join a quest to stop an evil Lego tyrant from gluing the universe together. 	 ['Adventure', 'Animation', 'Comedy', 'Family', 'Fantasy']
Allegiant 	 Beatrice Prior and Tobias Eaton venture into the world outside of the fence and are taken into protective custody by a mysterious agency known as the Bureau of Genetic Welfare. 	 ['Adventure', 'Science Fiction', 'Action', 'Mystery']
The Devil's Advocate 	 A hotshot lawyer gets more than he bargained for when he learns his new boss is Lucifer himself. 	 ['Drama', 'Mystery', 'Thriller', 'Fantasy']
Salt 	 As a CIA officer Evelyn Salt swore an oath to duty honor and country. Her loyalty will be tested when a defector accuses her of being a Russian spy. Salt goes on the run using all her skills and years of experience as a covert operative to elude capture. Salt's efforts to prove her innocence only serve to cast doubt on her motives as the hunt to uncover the truth behind her identity continues and the question remains: "Who is Salt?" 	 ['Action', 'Mystery', 'Thriller']
The Pursuit of Happyness 	 A struggling salesman takes custody of his son as he's poised to begin a life-changing professional career. 	 ['Drama']
Godzilla 	 Ford Brody a Navy bomb expert has just reunited with his family in San Francisco when he is forced to go to Japan to help his estranged father Joe. Soon both men are swept up in an escalating crisis when Godzilla King of the Monsters arises from the sea to combat malevolent adversaries that threaten the survival of humanity. The creatures leave colossal destruction in their wake as they make their way toward their final battleground: San Francisco. 	 ['Action', 'Drama', 'Science Fiction']
National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation 	 It's Christmas time and the Griswolds are preparing for a family seasonal celebration but things never run smoothly for Clark his wife Ellen and their two kids. Clark's continual bad luck is worsened by his obnoxious family guests but he manages to keep going knowing that his Christmas bonus is due soon. 	 ['Comedy']
Hellboy 	 Hellboy comes to England where he must defeat Nimue Merlin's consort and the Blood Queen. But their battle will bring about the end of the world a fate he desperately tries to turn away. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy']
The Lion King 	 A young lion cub named Simba can't wait to be king. But his uncle craves the title for himself and will stop at nothing to get it. 	 ['Family', 'Animation', 'Drama']
Aliens 	 When Ripley's lifepod is found by a salvage crew over 50 years later she finds that terra-formers are on the very planet they found the alien species. When the company sends a family of colonists out to investigate her story—all contact is lost with the planet and colonists. They enlist Ripley and the colonial marines to return and search for answers. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Science Fiction']
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 	 The city needs heroes. Darkness has settled over New York City as Shredder and his evil Foot Clan have an iron grip on everything from the police to the politicians. The future is grim until four unlikely outcast brothers rise from the sewers and discover their destiny as Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. The Turtles must work with fearless reporter April and her wise-cracking cameraman Vern Fenwick to save the city and unravel Shredder's diabolical plan. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Action', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Comedy']
The Incredibles 	 Bob Parr has given up his superhero days to log in time as an insurance adjuster and raise his three children with his formerly heroic wife in suburbia. But when he receives a mysterious assignment it's time to get back into costume. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Animation', 'Family']
The Battle of Algiers 	 Tracing the struggle of the Algerian Front de Liberation Nationale to gain freedom from French colonial rule as seen through the eyes of Ali from his start as a petty thief to his rise to prominence in the organisation and capture by the French in 1957. The film traces the rebels' struggle and the increasingly extreme measures taken by the French government to quell the revolt. 	 ['Drama', 'War', 'History']
The Madagascar Penguins in a Christmas Caper 	 During the holiday season when the animals of the Central Park Zoo are preparing for Christmas Private the youngest of the penguins notices that the Polar Bear is all alone. Assured that nobody should have to spend Christmas alone Private goes into the city for some last-minute Christmas shopping. Along the way he gets stuffed into a stocking 	 ['Animation', 'Comedy', 'Family']
Whiplash 	 Under the direction of a ruthless instructor a talented young drummer begins to pursue perfection at any cost even his humanity. 	 ['Drama', 'Music']
Crazy Rich Asians 	 An American-born Chinese economics professor accompanies her boyfriend to Singapore for his best friend's wedding only to get thrust into the lives of Asia's rich and famous. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama', 'Romance']
Bolt 	 Bolt is the star of the biggest show in Hollywood. The only problem is he thinks it's real. After he's accidentally shipped to New York City and separated from Penny his beloved co-star and owner Bolt must harness all his "super powers" to find a way home. 	 ['Animation', 'Family', 'Adventure', 'Comedy']
Lara Croft: Tomb Raider – The Cradle of Life 	 Lara Croft ventures to an underwater temple in search of the mythological Pandora's Box but after securing it it is promptly stolen by the villainous leader of a Chinese crime syndicate. Lara must recover the box before the syndicate's evil mastermind uses it to construct a weapon of catastrophic capabilities. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Thriller']
The Wandering Earth 	 The sun is dying out a group of brave astronauts set out to find a new home for the entire human race and the planet. 	 ['Science Fiction']
Ave Maryam 	 Sister Maryam spends her days taking care of the residents in a home for elderly nuns. Maryam finds herself forced to make a choice between staying true to her vow or abandoning everything for the pursuit of personal happiness. 	 ['Drama']
Corpse Bride 	 Set in a 19th-century european village this stop-motion animation feature follows the story of Victor a young man whisked away to the underworld and wed to a mysterious corpse bride while his real bride Victoria waits bereft in the land of the living. 	 ['Romance', 'Fantasy', 'Animation']
Midnight Sun 	 Katie a 17-year-old has been sheltered since childhood and confined to her house during the day by a rare disease that makes even the smallest amount of sunlight deadly. Fate intervenes when she meets Charlie and they embark on a summer romance. 	 ['Romance', 'Drama']
Carol 	 In 1950s New York a department-store clerk who dreams of a better life falls for an older married woman. 	 ['Romance', 'Drama']
28 Days Later 	 Twenty-eight days after a killer virus was accidentally unleashed from a British research facility a small group of London survivors are caught in a desperate struggle to protect themselves from the infected. Carried by animals and humans the virus turns those it infects into homicidal maniacs -- and it's absolutely impossible to contain. 	 ['Horror', 'Thriller', 'Science Fiction']
Unfriended 	 While video chatting one night six high school friends receive a Skype message from a classmate who killed herself exactly one year ago. A first they think it's a prank but when the girl starts revealing the friends' darkest secrets they realize they are dealing with something out of this world something that wants them dead. 	 ['Horror', 'Thriller']
Gremlins 2: The New Batch 	 Young sweethearts Billy and Kate move to the Big Apple land jobs in a high-tech office park and soon reunite with the friendly and lovable Gizmo. But a series of accidents creates a whole new generation of Gremlins. The situation worsens when the devilish green creatures invade a top-secret laboratory and develop genetically altered powers making them even harder to destroy! 	 ['Comedy', 'Horror', 'Fantasy']
The Matrix 	 Set in the 22nd century The Matrix tells the story of a computer hacker who joins a group of underground insurgents fighting the vast and powerful computers who now rule the earth. 	 ['Action', 'Science Fiction']
Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones 	 Ten years after the invasion of Naboo the galaxy is on the brink of civil war. Under the leadership of a renegade Jedi named Count Dooku thousands of solar systems threaten to break away from the Galactic Republic. When an assassination attempt is made on Senator Padmé Amidala the former Queen of Naboo twenty-year-old Jedi apprentice Anakin Skywalker is assigned to protect her. In the course of his mission Anakin discovers his love for Padmé as well as his own darker side. Soon Anakin Padmé and Obi-Wan Kenobi are drawn into the heart of the Separatist movement and the beginning of the Clone Wars. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Science Fiction']
Exodus: Gods and Kings 	 The defiant leader Moses rises up against the Egyptian Pharaoh Ramses setting 400000 slaves on a monumental journey of escape from Egypt and its terrifying cycle of deadly plagues. 	 ['Adventure', 'Drama', 'Action']
Asterix & Obelix: Mission Cleopatra 	 The Egyptian Queen Cleopatra bets against the Roman Emperor Julius Caesar that her people are still great even if the times of the Pharaohs has long passed. She vows (against all logic) to build a new palace for Caesar within three months. Since all her architects are either busy otherwise or too conservative in style this ambivalent honor falls to Edifis. He is to build the palace and be covered in gold or if not his fate is to be eaten by crocodiles. Edifis calls upon an old friend to help him out: The fabulous Druid Getafix from Gaul who brews a fantastic potion that gives supernatural strength. In order to help and protect the old Druid Asterix and Obelix accompany him on his journey to Egypt. When Julius Caesar gets wind of the project succeeding he has the building site attacked by his troops in order to win the bet and not lose face. But just like the local pirates he hasn't counted on Asterix and Obelix. 	 ['Family', 'Fantasy', 'Comedy', 'Adventure']
Night at the Museum 	 Chaos reigns at the natural history museum when night watchman Larry Daley accidentally stirs up an ancient curse awakening Attila the Hun an army of gladiators a Tyrannosaurus rex and other exhibits. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Family', 'Fantasy']
Green Lantern 	 For centuries a small but powerful force of warriors called the Green Lantern Corps has sworn to keep intergalactic order. Each Green Lantern wears a ring that grants him superpowers. But when a new enemy called Parallax threatens to destroy the balance of power in the Universe their fate and the fate of Earth lie in the hands of the first human ever recruited. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Thriller', 'Science Fiction']
Ocean's Twelve 	 Danny Ocean reunites with his old flame and the rest of his merry band of thieves in carrying out three huge heists in Rome Paris and Amsterdam – but a Europol agent is hot on their heels. 	 ['Thriller', 'Crime']
Fracture 	 A husband is on trial for the attempted murder of his wife in what is seemingly an open/shut case for the ambitious district attorney trying to put him away. However there are surprises for both around every corner and as a suspenseful game of cat-and-mouse is played out each must manipulate and outwit the other. 	 ['Thriller']
The Big Lebowski 	 Jeffrey "The Dude" Lebowski a Los Angeles slacker who only wants to bowl and drink white Russians is mistaken for another Jeffrey Lebowski a wheelchair-bound millionaire and finds himself dragged into a strange series of events involving nihilists adult film producers ferrets errant toes and large sums of money. 	 ['Comedy', 'Crime']
Me Before You 	 A small town girl is caught between dead-end jobs. A high-profile successful man becomes wheelchair bound following an accident. The man decides his life is not worth living until the girl is hired for six months to be his new caretaker. Worlds apart and trapped together by circumstance the two get off to a rocky start. But the girl becomes determined to prove to the man that life is worth living and as they embark on a series of adventures together each finds their world changing in ways neither of them could begin to imagine. 	 ['Drama', 'Romance']
Rambo III 	 Combat has taken its toll on Rambo but he's finally begun to find inner peace in a monastery. When Rambo's friend and mentor Col. Trautman asks for his help on a top secret mission to Afghanistan Rambo declines but must reconsider when Trautman is captured. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Thriller', 'War']
The Spectacular Now 	 Sutter a popular party animal unexpectedly meets the introverted Aimee after waking up on a stranger's lawn. As Sutter deals with the problems in his life and Aimee plans for her future beyond school an unexpected romance blossoms between them. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama', 'Romance']
Deadpool 2 	 Wisecracking mercenary Deadpool battles the evil and powerful Cable and other bad guys to save a boy's life. 	 ['Action', 'Comedy', 'Adventure']
R.I.P.D. 	 A recently slain cop joins a team of undead police officers working for the Rest in Peace Department and tries to find the man who murdered him. Based on the comic by Peter M. Lenkov. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Action', 'Comedy', 'Crime']
Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation 	 Ethan and team take on their most impossible mission yet—eradicating 'The Syndicate' an International and highly-skilled rogue organisation committed to destroying the IMF. 	 ['Action']
Hunter Killer 	 Captain Glass of the USS “Arkansas” discovers that a coup d'état is taking place in Russia so he and his crew join an elite group working on the ground to prevent a war. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller']
Hereditary 	 When Ellen the matriarch of the Graham family passes away her daughter’s family begins to unravel cryptic and increasingly terrifying secrets about their ancestry. 	 ['Horror', 'Mystery', 'Thriller']
Paddington 2 	 Paddington now happily settled with the Browns picks up a series of odd jobs to buy the perfect present for his Aunt Lucy but it is stolen. 	 ['Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Family']
Scary Movie 	 Following on the heels of popular teen-scream horror movies with uproarious comedy and biting satire. Marlon and Shawn Wayans Shannon Elizabeth and Carmen Electra pitch in to skewer some of Hollywood's biggest blockbusters including Scream I Know What You Did Last Summer The Matrix American Pie and The Blair Witch Project. 	 ['Comedy']
Vice 	 George W. Bush picks Dick Cheney the CEO of Halliburton Co. to be his Republican running mate in the 2000 presidential election. No stranger to politics Cheney's impressive résumé includes stints as White House chief of staff House Minority Whip and defense secretary. When Bush wins by a narrow margin Cheney begins to use his newfound power to help reshape the country and the world. 	 ['Drama', 'History', 'Comedy']
The Equalizer 2 	 Robert McCall who serves an unflinching justice for the exploited and oppressed embarks on a relentless globe-trotting quest for vengeance when a long-time girl friend is murdered. 	 ['Thriller', 'Action', 'Crime']
The Scorpion King: Rise of a Warrior 	 The heroic tale of young Mathayus and his relentless quest for justice against an evil and powerful villain King Sargon. Mathayus faces heart-stopping tribulations during his adventurous odds-defying trajectory toward his ultimate destiny: becoming the formidable warrior king of an ancient desert empire. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Action', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction']
The Usual Suspects 	 Held in an L.A. interrogation room Verbal Kint attempts to convince the feds that a mythic crime lord Keyser Soze not only exists but was also responsible for drawing him and his four partners into a multi-million dollar heist that ended with an explosion in San Pedro harbor – leaving few survivors. Verbal lures his interrogators with an incredible story of the crime lord's almost supernatural prowess. 	 ['Drama', 'Crime', 'Thriller']
Final Score 	 When a stadium is seized by a group of heavily armed criminals during a major sporting event an ex-soldier must use all his military skills to save both the daughter of a fallen comrade and the huge crowd unaware of the danger. 	 ['Action']
Roma 	 In 1970s Mexico City two domestic workers help a mother of four while her husband is away for an extended period of time. 	 ['Drama']
The Imitation Game 	 Based on the real life story of legendary cryptanalyst Alan Turing the film portrays the nail-biting race against time by Turing and his brilliant team of code-breakers at Britain's top-secret Government Code and Cypher School at Bletchley Park during the darkest days of World War II. 	 ['History', 'Drama', 'Thriller', 'War']
Don't Breathe 	 A group of teens break into a blind man's home thinking they'll get away with the perfect crime. They're wrong. 	 ['Crime', 'Horror', 'Thriller']
Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle 	 The Angels are charged with finding a pair of missing rings that are encoded with the personal information of members of the Witness Protection Program. As informants are killed the ladies target a rogue agent who might be responsible. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Comedy']
Carrie 	 A reimagining of the classic horror tale about Carrie White a shy girl outcast by her peers and sheltered by her deeply religious mother who unleashes telekinetic terror on her small town after being pushed too far at her senior prom. 	 ['Drama', 'Horror']
De Pernas Pro Ar 3 	  	 ['Comedy']
Total Recall 	 Construction worker Douglas Quaid discovers a memory chip in his brain during a virtual-reality trip. He also finds that his past has been invented to conceal a plot of planetary domination. Soon he's off to Mars to find out who he is and who planted the chip. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction']
Lion 	 A five-year-old Indian boy gets lost on the streets of Calcutta thousands of kilometers from home. He survives many challenges before being adopted by a couple in Australia; 25 years later he sets out to find his lost family. 	 ['Drama']
Source Code 	 Decorated soldier Captain Colter Stevens wakes up in the body of an unknown man discovering he's involved in a mission to find the bomber of a Chicago commuter train. He learns he's part of a top-secret experimental program that enables him to experience the final 8 minutes of another person's life. Colter re-lives the train incident over and over again gathering more clues each time. 	 ['Thriller', 'Science Fiction', 'Mystery']
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade 	 When Dr. Henry Jones Sr. suddenly goes missing while pursuing the Holy Grail eminent archaeologist Indiana must team up with Marcus Brody Sallah and Elsa Schneider to follow in his father's footsteps and stop the Nazis from recovering the power of eternal life. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action']
The Deer Hunter 	 A group of working-class friends decides to enlist in the Army during the Vietnam War and finds it to be hellish chaos -- not the noble venture they imagined. Before they left Steven married his pregnant girlfriend -- and Michael and Nick were in love with the same woman. But all three are different men upon their return. 	 ['Drama', 'War']
Over Her Dead Body 	 After his fiancée Kate dies in an accident on their wedding day veterinarian Henry grows depressed. To help him move on his sister has him visit psychic Ashley and gives her Kate's diary. Ashley uses the journal's details to convincingly deliver the fake message that Kate wants Henry to move on. However Kate's ghost is watching over Ashley and Henry. Furious when they fall for each other she vows to sabotage their relationship. 	 ['Comedy']
The First Purge 	 To push the crime rate below one percent for the rest of the year the New Founding Fathers of America test a sociological theory that vents aggression for one night in one isolated community. But when the violence of oppressors meets the rage of the others the contagion will explode from the trial-city borders and spread across the nation. 	 ['Action', 'Science Fiction', 'Thriller', 'Horror']
Asterix: The Secret of the Magic Potion 	 Following a fall during mistletoe picking Druid Getafix decides that it is time to secure the future of the village. Accompanied by Asterix and Obelix he undertakes to travel the Gallic world in search of a talented young druid to transmit the Secret of the Magic Potion. 	 ['Animation', 'Family', 'Comedy', 'Adventure']
The Hitman's Bodyguard 	 The world's top bodyguard gets a new client a hit man who must testify at the International Court of Justice. They must put their differences aside and work together to make it to the trial on time. 	 ['Action', 'Comedy']
A Quiet Place 	 A family is forced to live in silence while hiding from creatures that hunt by sound. 	 ['Drama', 'Horror', 'Thriller', 'Science Fiction']
A Bad Moms Christmas 	 Amy Kiki and Carla – three under-appreciated and over-burdened women – rebel against the challenges and expectations of the Super Bowl for mothers: Christmas. And if creating a more perfect holiday for their families wasn’t hard enough they have to do all of that while hosting and entertaining their own mothers. 	 ['Comedy']
The Man Who Killed Don Quixote 	 Toby a cynical advertising director finds himself trapped in the outrageous delusions of an old Spanish shoe-maker who believes himself to be Don Quixote. In the course of their comic and increasingly surreal adventures Toby is forced to confront the tragic repercussions of a film he made in his idealistic youth. 	 ['Comedy', 'Fantasy']
Doomsday 	 A lethal virus spreads throughout the British isles infecting millions and killing hundreds of thousands. To contain the threat acting authorities brutally quarantine the country as it succumbs to fear and chaos. The quarantine is successful. Three decades later the Reaper virus violently resurfaces in a major city. An elite group of specialists is urgently dispatched into the still-quarantined country to retrieve a cure by any means necessary. Shut off from the rest of the world the unit must battle through a landscape that has become a waking nightmare. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Science Fiction']
Frozen 	 Young princess Anna of Arendelle dreams about finding true love at her sister Elsa’s coronation. Fate takes her on a dangerous journey in an attempt to end the eternal winter that has fallen over the kingdom. She's accompanied by ice delivery man Kristoff his reindeer Sven and snowman Olaf. On an adventure where she will find out what friendship courage family and true love really means. 	 ['Animation', 'Adventure', 'Family']
Escape Room 	 Six strangers find themselves in circumstances beyond their control and must use their wits to survive. 	 ['Thriller']
The Sword in the Stone 	 Wart is a young boy who aspires to be a knight's squire. On a hunting trip he falls in on Merlin a powerful but amnesiac wizard who has plans for him beyond mere squiredom. He starts by trying to give him an education believing that once one has an education one can go anywhere. Needless to say it doesn't quite work out that way. 	 ['Animation', 'Family']
Husband & Wife 	 Married for ten years in full crisis thinking about divorce. But following a failed scientific experiment they suddenly find one inside the body of the other. 	 ['Comedy']
DreadOut 	 Based on a terrifying local survival horror video game a group of students enter an abandoned building for popularity but end up discovering a mystic portal to the land of the dead. 	 ['Horror', 'Thriller']
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 	 In 1926 Newt Scamander arrives at the Magical Congress of the United States of America with a magically expanded briefcase which houses a number of dangerous creatures and their habitats. When the creatures escape from the briefcase it sends the American wizarding authorities after Newt and threatens to strain even further the state of magical and non-magical relations. 	 ['Adventure', 'Family', 'Fantasy']
Beetlejuice 	 Thanks to an untimely demise via drowning a young couple end up as poltergeists in their New England farmhouse where they fail to meet the challenge of scaring away the insufferable new owners who want to make drastic changes. In desperation the undead newlyweds turn to an expert frightmeister but he's got a diabolical agenda of his own. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Comedy']
War Dogs 	 Based on the true story of two young men David Packouz and Efraim Diveroli who won a $300 million contract from the Pentagon to arm America's allies in Afghanistan. 	 ['Comedy', 'Crime', 'Drama']
Split 	 Though Kevin has evidenced 23 personalities to his trusted psychiatrist Dr. Fletcher there remains one still submerged who is set to materialize and dominate all the others. Compelled to abduct three teenage girls led by the willful observant Casey Kevin reaches a war for survival among all of those contained within him — as well as everyone around him — as the walls between his compartments shatter apart. 	 ['Horror', 'Thriller']
Rocky Balboa 	 When he loses a highly publicized virtual boxing match to ex-champ Rocky Balboa reigning heavyweight titleholder Mason Dixon retaliates by challenging Rocky to a nationally televised 10-round exhibition bout. To the surprise of his son and friends Rocky agrees to come out of retirement and face an opponent who's faster stronger and thirty years his junior. 	 ['Drama']
Moonlight 	 The tender heartbreaking story of a young man’s struggle to find himself told across three defining chapters in his life as he experiences the ecstasy pain and beauty of falling in love while grappling with his own sexuality. 	 ['Drama']
Atlantis: The Lost Empire 	 The world's most highly qualified crew of archaeologists and explorers is led by historian Milo Thatch as they board the incredible 1000-foot submarine Ulysses and head deep into the mysteries of the sea. The underwater expedition takes an unexpected turn when the team's mission must switch from exploring Atlantis to protecting it. 	 ['Animation', 'Family', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction']
Don Jon 	 A New Jersey guy dedicated to his family friends and church develops unrealistic expectations from watching porn and works to find happiness and intimacy with his potential true love. 	 ['Romance', 'Comedy', 'Drama']
Horrible Bosses 2 	 Dale Kurt and Nick decide to start their own business but things don't go as planned because of a slick investor prompting the trio to pull off a harebrained and misguided kidnapping scheme. 	 ['Comedy']
It's a Mad 	 A group of strangers come across a man dying after a car crash who proceeds to tell them about the $350000 he buried in California. What follows is the madcap adventures of those strangers as each attempts to claim the prize for himself. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Crime']
Mad Max: Fury Road 	 An apocalyptic story set in the furthest reaches of our planet in a stark desert landscape where humanity is broken and most everyone is crazed fighting for the necessities of life. Within this world exist two rebels on the run who just might be able to restore order. There's Max a man of action and a man of few words who seeks peace of mind following the loss of his wife and child in the aftermath of the chaos. And Furiosa a woman of action and a woman who believes her path to survival may be achieved if she can make it across the desert back to her childhood homeland. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction']
T-34 	 In 1944 a courageous group of Russian soldiers managed to escape from German captivity in a half-destroyed legendary T-34 tank. Those were the times of unforgettable bravery fierce fighting unbreakable love and legendary miracles. 	 ['War', 'Drama', 'Adventure', 'Action']
Happy Death Day 2U 	 Collegian Tree Gelbman wakes up in horror to learn that she's stuck in a parallel universe. Her boyfriend Carter is now with someone else and her friends and fellow students seem to be completely different versions of themselves. When Tree discovers that Carter's roommate has been altering time she finds herself once again the target of a masked killer. When the psychopath starts to go after her inner circle Tree soon realizes that she must die over and over again to save everyone. 	 ['Horror', 'Mystery', 'Thriller', 'Science Fiction', 'Comedy']
Spy Kids 3-D: Game Over 	 Carmen's caught in a virtual reality game designed by the Kids' new nemesis the Toymaker. It's up to Juni to save his sister and ultimately the world. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Family', 'Science Fiction']
The Magnificent Seven 	 Looking to mine for gold greedy industrialist Bartholomew Bogue seizes control of the Old West town of Rose Creek. With their lives in jeopardy Emma Cullen and other desperate residents turn to bounty hunter Sam Chisolm for help. Chisolm recruits an eclectic group of gunslingers to take on Bogue and his ruthless henchmen. With a deadly showdown on the horizon the seven mercenaries soon find themselves fighting for more than just money once the bullets start to fly. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Western']
The Jackal 	 Hired by a powerful member of the Russian mafia to avenge an FBI sting that left his brother dead a psychopathic hitman known only as The Jackal proves an elusive target for the people charged with the task of bringing him down: a deputy FBI director a Russian MVK Major  and a jailed IRA terrorist who can recognize him. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Adventure', 'Crime']
Terminator 2: Judgment Day 	 Nearly 10 years have passed since Sarah Connor was targeted for termination by a cyborg from the future. Now her son John the future leader of the resistance is the target for a newer more deadly terminator. Once again the resistance has managed to send a protector back to attempt to save John and his mother Sarah. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Science Fiction']
The Front Runner 	 Gary Hart former Senator of Colorado becomes the front-runner for the Democratic presidential nomination in 1987. Hart's intelligence charisma and idealism makes him popular with young voters leaving him with a seemingly clear path to the White House. All that comes crashing down when allegations of an extramarital affair surface in the media forcing the candidate to address a scandal that threatens to derail his campaign and personal life. 	 ['Drama', 'History']
From Paris with Love 	 James Reese has a good job as an ambassador's aid in France but his real passion is a side gig working in a minor role in the CIA. He would love to be a full-fledged agent and can't believe his luck when he lands an assignment with Charlie Wax. Trigger-happy Charlie soon has James crying for his desk job but when he learns that the same guys they're trying to catch are after him James realizes that Charlie may be his only hope of survival. 	 ['Action', 'Crime', 'Thriller']
Lady and the Tramp 	 Lady a golden cocker spaniel meets up with a mongrel dog who calls himself the Tramp. He is obviously from the wrong side of town but happenings at Lady's home make her decide to travel with him for a while. 	 ['Animation', 'Family']
Ghost Stories 	 Professor Phillip Goodman devotes his life to exposing phony psychics and fraudulent supernatural shenanigans. His skepticism soon gets put to the test when he receives news of three chilling and inexplicable cases -- disturbing visions in an abandoned asylum a car accident deep in the woods and the spirit of an unborn child. Even scarier -- each of the macabre stories seems to have a sinister connection to the professor's own life. 	 ['Drama', 'Horror']
My Brother Loves Me Too Much 	 Setoka Tachibana is a female high school student who has confessed her feelings to other boys 12 times but has been rebuffed each time. Her older brother Haruka Tachibana cares for his younger sister deeply but he keeps secret from her that they are not blood related. One day Setoka's first love Takane Serikawa appears after many years and approaches her. 	 ['Comedy', 'Romance']
White House Down 	 Capitol Policeman John Cale has just been denied his dream job with the Secret Service of protecting President James Sawyer. Not wanting to let down his little girl with the news he takes her on a tour of the White House when the complex is overtaken by a heavily armed paramilitary group. Now with the nation's government falling into chaos and time running out it's up to Cale to save the president his daughter and the country. 	 ['Action', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
Another Child 	 An ordinary 17-year-old girl Joo-ri finds out that her father is having an affair with the mother of her classmate Yoon-ah. Joo-ri and Yoon-ah try to stop them from seeing each other but it only makes things worse. And to top it off they discover that Yoon-ah’s mother a single mom is pregnant. Soon everyone involved are confronted by this circle of conflict and they must each struggle through their own growing pains. 	 ['Drama']
The Princess and the Frog 	 A waitress desperate to fulfill her dreams as a restaurant owner is set on a journey to turn a frog prince back into a human being but she has to face the same problem after she kisses him. 	 ['Romance', 'Family', 'Animation', 'Music']
Kung Fu Panda 2 	 Po is now living his dream as The Dragon Warrior protecting the Valley of Peace alongside his friends and fellow kung fu masters The Furious Five - Tigress Crane Mantis Viper and Monkey. But Po’s new life of awesomeness is threatened by the emergence of a formidable villain who plans to use a secret unstoppable weapon to conquer China and destroy kung fu. It is up to Po and The Furious Five to journey across China to face this threat and vanquish it. But how can Po stop a weapon that can stop kung fu? He must look to his past and uncover the secrets of his mysterious origins; only then will he be able to unlock the strength he needs to succeed. 	 ['Animation', 'Family']
American Pie 	 At a high-school party four friends find that losing their collective virginity isn't as easy as they had thought. But they still believe that they need to do so before college. To motivate themselves they enter a pact to all "score." by their senior prom. 	 ['Comedy', 'Romance']
Suspiria 	 A darkness swirls at the center of a world-renowned dance company one that will engulf the troupe's artistic director an ambitious young dancer and a grieving psychotherapist. Some will succumb to the nightmare others will finally wake up. 	 ['Thriller', 'Mystery', 'Horror', 'Fantasy']
10 	 A prehistoric epic that follows a young mammoth hunter's journey through uncharted territory to secure the future of his tribe. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Drama', 'Fantasy']
Phantom Thread 	 Renowned British dressmaker Reynolds Woodcock comes across Alma a young strong-willed woman who soon becomes a fixture in his life as his muse and lover. 	 ['Drama', 'Romance']
Death Race: Inferno 	 Carl Lucas / Frankenstein has won four of his races and needs to win one more to win his freedom. Before his final race Lucas and his team car and all are transferred to another prison where they will compete in a Death Race in the desert. Also at the same time Ceaser runs into a marketer who wants to franchise the Death Race program. 	 ['Action', 'Science Fiction', 'Thriller']
In Time 	 In the not-too-distant future the aging gene has been switched off. To avoid overpopulation time has become the currency and the way people pay for luxuries and necessities. The rich can live forever while the rest try to negotiate for their immortality. A poor young man who comes into a fortune of time though too late to help his mother from dying. He ends up on the run from a corrupt police force known as 'time keepers'. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Science Fiction']
American Sniper 	 U.S. Navy SEAL Chris Kyle takes his sole mission—protect his comrades—to heart and becomes one of the most lethal snipers in American history. His pinpoint accuracy not only saves countless lives but also makes him a prime target of insurgents. Despite grave danger and his struggle to be a good husband and father to his family back in the States Kyle serves four tours of duty in Iraq. However when he finally returns home he finds that he cannot leave the war behind. 	 ['War', 'Action']
One Night at McCool's 	 Every man has a different recollection of the beautiful young woman who wreaked havoc on their lives during one heated night. 	 ['Action', 'Comedy', 'Crime']
Creed II 	 Between personal obligations and training for his next big fight against an opponent with ties to his family's past Adonis Creed is up against the challenge of his life. 	 ['Drama']
Now You See Me 	 An FBI agent and an Interpol detective track a team of illusionists who pull off bank heists during their performances and reward their audiences with the money. 	 ['Thriller', 'Crime']
Now You See Me 2 	 One year after outwitting the FBI and winning the public’s adulation with their mind-bending spectacles the Four Horsemen resurface only to find themselves face to face with a new enemy who enlists them to pull off their most dangerous heist yet. 	 ['Action', 'Comedy', 'Thriller']
Young Mother: The Original 	 I had a dream...sleeping with you and Hwa-yeong.  Jin-goo and Joo-hee were happy until one day their daughter Hwa-yeong who had eloped with another man came home. Hwa-yeong and Jin-goo were a couple at school and she had gotten pregnant. So things took place quickly and they got to live with Hwa-yeong's mother Joo-hee. However when Hwa-yeong found out she wasn't pregnant hit it off with another man and left the house. Jin-goo and Joo-hee had fallen in love while she was gone. Hwa-yeong had broken up with her other man and came home. However she finds it weird that Jin-goo is still at her mother's house. Jin-goo and Joo-hee put out all sorts of lies to hide the truth from Hwa-yeong. 	 ['Drama', 'Romance']
Dirty Harry 	 When a madman dubbed 'Scorpio' terrorizes San Francisco hard-nosed cop Harry Callahan – famous for his take-no-prisoners approach to law enforcement – is tasked with hunting down the psychopath. Harry eventually collars Scorpio in the process of rescuing a kidnap victim only to see him walk on technicalities. Now the maverick detective is determined to nail the maniac himself. 	 ['Action', 'Crime', 'Thriller']
The Lovely Bones 	 After being brutally murdered 14-year-old Susie Salmon watches from heaven over her grief-stricken family -- and her killer. As she observes their daily lives she must balance her thirst for revenge with her desire for her family to heal. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Drama']
Men in Black II 	 Kay and Jay reunite to provide our best last and only line of defense against a sinister seductress who levels the toughest challenge yet to the MIB's untarnished mission statement – protecting Earth from the scum of the universe. It's been four years since the alien-seeking agents averted an intergalactic disaster of epic proportions. Now it's a race against the clock as Jay must convince Kay – who not only has absolutely no memory of his time spent with the MIB but is also the only living person left with the expertise to save the galaxy – to reunite with the MIB before the earth submits to ultimate destruction. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Science Fiction']
Little 	 A woman receives the chance to relive the life of her younger self at a point in her life when the pressures of adulthood become too much for her to bear. 	 ['Comedy', 'Fantasy']
Saving Private Ryan 	 As U.S. troops storm the beaches of Normandy three brothers lie dead on the battlefield with a fourth trapped behind enemy lines. Ranger captain John Miller and seven men are tasked with penetrating German-held territory and bringing the boy home. 	 ['Drama', 'History', 'War']
The Transporter Refueled 	 The fast-paced action movie is again set in the criminal underworld in France where Frank Martin is known as The Transporter because he is the best driver and mercenary money can buy. In this installment he meets Anna and they attempt to take down a group of ruthless Russian human traffickers who also have kidnapped Frank’s father. 	 ['Thriller', 'Action', 'Crime', 'Mystery']
Spider-Man: Homecoming 	 Following the events of Captain America: Civil War Peter Parker with the help of his mentor Tony Stark tries to balance his life as an ordinary high school student in Queens New York City with fighting crime as his superhero alter ego Spider-Man as a new threat the Vulture emerges. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction', 'Drama']
X-Men: Days of Future Past 	 The ultimate X-Men ensemble fights a war for the survival of the species across two time periods as they join forces with their younger selves in an epic battle that must change the past – to save our future. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Science Fiction']
Looper 	 In the futuristic action thriller Looper time travel will be invented but it will be illegal and only available on the black market. When the mob wants to get rid of someone they will send their target 30 years into the past where a looper a hired gun like Joe is waiting to mop up. Joe is getting rich and life is good until the day the mob decides to close the loop sending back Joe's future self for assassination. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Science Fiction']
Pixels 	 Video game experts are recruited by the military to fight 1980s-era video game characters who've attacked New York. 	 ['Action', 'Comedy', 'Science Fiction']
Us 	 Husband and wife Gabe and Adelaide Wilson take their kids to their beach house expecting to unplug and unwind with friends. But as night descends their serenity turns to tension and chaos when some shocking visitors arrive uninvited. 	 ['Thriller', 'Horror']
Mission: Impossible II 	 With computer genius Luther Stickell at his side and a beautiful thief on his mind agent Ethan Hunt races across Australia and Spain to stop a former IMF agent from unleashing a genetically engineered biological weapon called Chimera. This mission should Hunt choose to accept it plunges him into the center of an international crisis of terrifying magnitude. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Thriller']
Transformers: Age of Extinction 	 As humanity picks up the pieces following the conclusion of "Transformers: Dark of the Moon Autobots and Decepticons have all but vanished from the face of the planet. However, a group of powerful, ingenious businessman and scientists attempt to learn from past Transformer incursions and push the boundaries of technology beyond what they can control - all while an ancient, powerful Transformer menace sets Earth in his cross-hairs.
keywords 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Action', 'Adventure']
Sherlock Holmes 	 Eccentric consulting detective Sherlock Holmes and Doctor John Watson battle to bring down a new nemesis and unravel a deadly plot that could destroy England. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Crime', 'Mystery']
The Incredible Hulk 	 Scientist Bruce Banner scours the planet for an antidote to the unbridled force of rage within him: the Hulk. But when the military masterminds who dream of exploiting his powers force him back to civilization he finds himself coming face to face with a new deadly foe. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Action', 'Adventure']
Platoon 	 As a young and naive recruit in Vietnam Chris Taylor faces a moral crisis when confronted with the horrors of war and the duality of man. 	 ['Drama', 'War', 'Action']
While You Were Sleeping 	 A transit worker pulls commuter Peter off railway tracks after he's mugged but—while he's in a coma—his family mistakenly thinks she's Peter's fiancée and she doesn't correct them. Things get more complicated when she falls for his brother who's not quite sure that she's who she claims to be. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama', 'Romance']
If Beale Street Could Talk 	 After her fiance is falsely imprisoned a pregnant African-American woman sets out to clear his name and prove his innocence. 	 ['Drama', 'Romance', 'Crime']
Big Fish 	 Throughout his life Edward Bloom has always been a man of big appetites enormous passions and tall tales. In his later years he remains a huge mystery to his son William. Now to get to know the real man Will begins piecing together a true picture of his father from flashbacks of his amazing adventures. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Drama']
The Shape of Water 	 An other-worldly story set against the backdrop of Cold War era America circa 1962 where a mute janitor working at a lab falls in love with an amphibious man being held captive there and devises a plan to help him escape. 	 ['Drama', 'Fantasy', 'Romance']
Transformers: The Last Knight 	 Autobots and Decepticons are at war with humans on the sidelines. Optimus Prime is gone. The key to saving our future lies buried in the secrets of the past in the hidden history of Transformers on Earth. 	 ['Action', 'Science Fiction', 'Thriller', 'Adventure']
Maleficent 	 A beautiful pure-hearted young woman Maleficent has an idyllic life growing up in a peaceable forest kingdom until one day when an invading army threatens the harmony of the land.  Maleficent rises to be the land's fiercest protector but she ultimately suffers a ruthless betrayal – an act that begins to turn her heart into stone. Bent on revenge Maleficent faces an epic battle with the invading King's successor and as a result places a curse upon his newborn infant Aurora. As the child grows Maleficent realizes that Aurora holds the key to peace in the kingdom – and to Maleficent's true happiness as well. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Adventure', 'Action', 'Family', 'Romance']
Fist of Fury 	 Amusing homage to Bruce Lee's martial arts classic featuring a young Stephen Chow. The story is about Sing (Stephen Chow) a Mainlander who came to Hong Kong (doesn’t it sound familiar?) to find his cousin. He meets up with Siu (Kenny Bee) and hook up with various kung fu schools in the hope of winning a $10 million dollar prize from a fighting competition. 	 ['Action', 'Comedy']
Love 	 Everyone deserves a great love story. But for seventeen-year old Simon Spier it's a little more complicated: he's yet to tell his family or friends he's gay and he doesn't know the identity of the anonymous classmate he's fallen for online. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama', 'Romance']
Office Uprising 	 The compound of an arms manufacturer turns into a zombie nightmare when its workers are given the wrong formula. 	 ['Action', 'Comedy', 'Horror']
Kit Kittredge: An American Girl 	 The Great Depression hits home for nine year old Kit Kittredge when her dad loses his business and leaves to find work. Oscar nominee Abigail Breslin stars as Kit leading a splendid cast in the first ever "American Girl" theatrical movie. In order to keep their home Kit and her mother must take in boarders - paying house - guests who turn out to be full of fascinating stories. When mother's lockbox containing all their money is stolen Kit's new hobo friend Will is the prime suspect. Kit refuses to believe that Will would steal and her efforts to sniff out the real story get her and friends into big trouble. The police say the robbery was an inside job committed by someone they know. So if it wasn't Will then who did it. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama', 'Family']
The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers 	 Frodo and Sam are trekking to Mordor to destroy the One Ring of Power while Gimli Legolas and Aragorn search for the orc-captured Merry and Pippin. All along nefarious wizard Saruman awaits the Fellowship members at the Orthanc Tower in Isengard. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Action']
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1 	 Harry Ron and Hermione walk away from their last year at Hogwarts to find and destroy the remaining Horcruxes putting an end to Voldemort's bid for immortality. But with Harry's beloved Dumbledore dead and Voldemort's unscrupulous Death Eaters on the loose the world is more dangerous than ever. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Family']
Level 16 	 The teenage girls of Vestalis Academy are meticulously trained in the art of being “clean girls” practicing the virtues of perfect femininity. But what exactly are they being trained for? Vivien intends to find out. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Thriller']
Chicken Run 	 Having been hopelessly repressed and facing eventual certain death at the British chicken farm where they are held Ginger the chicken along with the help of Rocky the American rooster decide to rebel and lead their fellow chickens in a great escape from the murderous farmers Mr. and Mrs. Tweedy and their farm of doom. 	 ['Animation', 'Comedy', 'Family']
Kick-Ass 	 Dave Lizewski is an unnoticed high school student and comic book fan who one day decides to become a super-hero even though he has no powers training or meaningful reason to do so. 	 ['Action', 'Crime']
Kick-Ass 	 Dave Lizewski is an unnoticed high school student and comic book fan who one day decides to become a super-hero even though he has no powers training or meaningful reason to do so. 	 ['Action', 'Crime']
Holmes & Watson 	 Detective Sherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson join forces to investigate a murder at Buckingham Palace. They soon learn that they have only four days to solve the case or the queen will become the next victim. 	 ['Mystery', 'Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Crime']
A Beautiful Mind 	 John Nash is a brilliant but asocial mathematician fighting schizophrenia. After he accepts secret work in cryptography his life takes a turn for the nightmarish. 	 ['Drama', 'Romance']
Groundhog Day 	 A narcissistic T.V. weatherman along with his attractive-but-distant producer and mawkish cameraman is sent to report on Groundhog Day in the small town of Punxsutawney where he finds himself repeating the same day over and over. 	 ['Romance', 'Fantasy', 'Drama', 'Comedy']
Full Metal Jacket 	 A pragmatic U.S. Marine observes the dehumanizing effects the U.S.-Vietnam War has on his fellow recruits from their brutal boot camp training to the bloody street fighting in Hue. 	 ['Drama', 'War']
Dr. No 	 In the film that launched the James Bond saga Agent 007 battles mysterious Dr. No a scientific genius bent on destroying the U.S. space program. As the countdown to disaster begins Bond must go to Jamaica where he encounters beautiful Honey Ryder to confront a megalomaniacal villain in his massive island headquarters. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Thriller']
The Avengers 	 When an unexpected enemy emerges and threatens global safety and security Nick Fury director of the international peacekeeping agency known as S.H.I.E.L.D. finds himself in need of a team to pull the world back from the brink of disaster. Spanning the globe a daring recruitment effort begins! 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Action', 'Adventure']
Murder on the Orient Express 	 Genius Belgian detective Hercule Poirot investigates the murder of an American tycoon aboard the Orient Express train. 	 ['Crime', 'Drama', 'Mystery']
Rocky 	 When world heavyweight boxing champion Apollo Creed wants to give an unknown fighter a shot at the title as a publicity stunt his handlers choose palooka Rocky Balboa an uneducated collector for a Philadelphia loan shark. Rocky teams up with trainer  Mickey Goldmill to make the most of this once in a lifetime break. 	 ['Drama']
Molly's Game 	 Molly Bloom a young skier and former Olympic hopeful becomes a successful entrepreneur (and a target of an FBI investigation) when she establishes a high-stakes international poker game. 	 ['Crime', 'Drama']
Monty Python and the Holy Grail 	 King Arthur accompanied by his squire recruits his Knights of the Round Table including Sir Bedevere the Wise Sir Lancelot the Brave Sir Robin the Not-Quite-So-Brave-As-Sir-Lancelot and Sir Galahad the Pure. On the way Arthur battles the Black Knight who despite having had all his limbs chopped off insists he can still fight. They reach Camelot but Arthur decides not  to enter as "it is a silly place". 	 ['Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Fantasy']
Gladiator 	 In the year 180 the death of emperor Marcus Aurelius throws the Roman Empire into chaos.  Maximus is one of the Roman army's most capable and trusted generals and a key advisor to the emperor.  As Marcus' devious son Commodus ascends to the throne Maximus is set to be executed.  He escapes but is captured by slave traders.  Renamed Spaniard and forced to become a gladiator Maximus must battle to the death with other men for the amusement of paying audiences. 	 ['Action', 'Drama', 'Adventure']
Into the Blue 	 When they take some friends on an extreme sport adventure the last thing Jared and Sam expect to see below the shark-infested waters is a legendary pirate ship rumored to contain millions of dollars in gold. But their good fortune is short-lived as a ruthless gang of criminals gets word of what they have uncovered. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Adventure', 'Crime']
Scary Movie 5 	 Home with their newly-formed family happy parents Dan and Jody are haunted by sinister paranormal activities. Determined to expel the insidious force they install security cameras and discover their family is being stalked by an evil dead demon. 	 ['Comedy']
Paddington 	 A young Peruvian bear travels to London in search of a new home. Finding himself lost and alone at Paddington Station he meets the kindly Brown family. 	 ['Comedy', 'Adventure', 'Family']
Beyond The Noise 	 Seven-year-old Oskar lives in his own world. Other kids avoid him. He enjoys walking around outside and recording sounds with his toy tape recorder. At a family gathering Oskar overhears a conversation between two adults that will change his life and worldview forever. 	 ['Comedy', 'Adventure', 'Family']
Schindler's List 	 The true story of how businessman Oskar Schindler saved over a thousand Jewish lives from the Nazis while they worked as slaves in his factory during World War II. 	 ['Drama', 'History', 'War']
Spider-Man 	 Miles Morales is juggling his life between being a high school student and being a spider-man. When Wilson "Kingpin" Fisk uses a super collider others from across the Spider-Verse are transported to this dimension. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Animation', 'Science Fiction', 'Comedy']
Star Trek Beyond 	 The USS Enterprise crew explores the furthest reaches of uncharted space where they encounter a mysterious new enemy who puts them and everything the Federation stands for to the test. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction']
Blockers 	 When three parents discover their daughters’ pact to lose their virginity at prom they launch a covert one-night operation to stop the teens from sealing the deal. 	 ['Comedy']
Overlord 	 France June 1944. On the eve of D-Day some American paratroopers fall behind enemy lines after their aircraft crashes while on a mission to destroy a radio tower in a small village near the beaches of Normandy. After reaching their target the surviving paratroopers realise that in addition to fighting the Nazi troops that patrol the village they also must fight against something else. 	 ['Horror', 'War', 'Science Fiction']
The Hunt for Red October 	 A new technologically-superior Soviet sub the Red October is heading for the U.S. coast under the command of Captain Marko Ramius. The American government thinks Ramius is planning to attack. A lone CIA analyst has a different idea: he thinks Ramius is planning to defect but he has only a few hours to find him and prove it — because the entire Russian naval and air commands are trying to find him too. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Thriller']
Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit 	 Cheese-loving eccentric Wallace and his cunning canine pal Gromit investigate a mystery in Nick Park's animated adventure in which the lovable inventor and his intrepid pup run a business ridding the town of garden pests. Using only humane methods that turn their home into a halfway house for evicted vermin the pair stumble upon a mystery involving a voracious vegetarian monster that threatens to ruin the annual veggie-growing contest. 	 ['Adventure', 'Animation', 'Comedy', 'Family']
A Madea Family Funeral 	 A joyous family reunion becomes a hilarious nightmare as Madea and the crew travel to backwoods Georgia where they find themselves unexpectedly planning a funeral that might unveil unpleasant family secrets. 	 ['Comedy']
Around the World in 80 Days 	 A bet pits a British inventor a Chinese thief and a French artist on a worldwide adventure that they can circle the globe in 80 days. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Comedy']
Wrong Turn 2: Dead End 	 Retired military commander Colonel Dale Murphy hosts the simulated post-apocalyptic reality show where participants are challenged to survive a remote West Virginia wasteland. But the show turns into a nightmarish showdown when each realizes they are being hunted by an inbred family of cannibals determined to make them all dinner! 	 ['Horror', 'Thriller']
Sicario 	 An idealistic FBI agent is enlisted by a government task force to aid in the escalating war against drugs at the border area between the U.S. and Mexico. 	 ['Action', 'Crime', 'Thriller']
The Final Destination 	 After a young man's premonition of a deadly race-car crash helps saves the lives of his peers Death sets out to collect those who evaded their end. 	 ['Horror', 'Mystery']
RED 	 When his peaceful life is threatened by a high-tech assassin former black-ops agent Frank Moses reassembles his old team in a last ditch effort to survive and uncover his assailants. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Crime', 'Thriller']
Thunderball 	 A criminal organization has obtained two nuclear bombs and are asking for a 100 million pound ransom in the form of diamonds in seven days or they will use the weapons. The secret service sends James Bond to the Bahamas to once again save the world. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Thriller']
Ice Age 	 With the impending ice age almost upon them a mismatched trio of prehistoric critters – Manny the woolly mammoth Diego the saber-toothed tiger and Sid the giant sloth – find an orphaned infant and decide to return it to its human parents. Along the way the unlikely allies become friends but when enemies attack their quest takes on far nobler aims. 	 ['Animation', 'Comedy', 'Family', 'Adventure']
Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol 	 Ethan Hunt and his team are racing against time to track down a dangerous terrorist named Hendricks who has gained access to Russian nuclear launch codes and is planning a strike on the United States. An attempt to stop him ends in an explosion causing severe destruction to the Kremlin and the IMF to be implicated in the bombing forcing the President to disavow them. No longer being aided by the government Ethan and his team chase Hendricks around the globe although they might still be too late to stop a disaster. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Adventure']
Colewell 	 In tiny Colewell Pennsylvania the residents gather at the post office for mail and gossip while the days pass quiet and serene. That is until news comes that the office is to close and beloved clerk Nora (a marvelous Karen Allen) is left to fight for her job and reflect on the choices she has made that kept her in Colewell for so many years. Touching with a hint of melancholy Tom Quinn’s eloquent film is an ode to small-town life and the quiet emotions that come with nostalgia and memories of the past. As fears arise around her future and her past becomes ever more present Nora states “I don’t want to be lonely” but what that means is elusive. Colewell gorgeously captures rural America while giving space to the beauty of time passing and reflecting on what determines a life well lived. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Adventure']
Edge of Tomorrow 	 Major Bill Cage is an officer who has never seen a day of combat when he is unceremoniously demoted and dropped into combat. Cage is killed within minutes managing to take an alpha alien down with him. He awakens back at the beginning of the same day and is forced to fight and die again... and again - as physical contact with the alien has thrown him into a time loop. 	 ['Action', 'Science Fiction']
Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events 	 Three wealthy children's parents are killed in a fire. When they are sent to a distant relative they find out that he is plotting to kill them and seize their fortune.  This movie is extremely alarming an expression which here means "a thrilling misadventure involving three ingenious orphans and a villainous actor named Count Olaf (Jim Carrey) who wants their enormous fortune."  It includes a suspicious fire delicious pasta Jim Carrey poorly behaved looches Billy Connolly an incredibly deadly viper Meryl Streep and the voice of an imposter named Jude Law. 	 ['Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Family']
The Exorcist 	 12-year-old Regan MacNeil begins to adapt an explicit new personality as strange events befall the local area of Georgetown. Her mother becomes torn between science and superstition in a desperate bid to save her daughter and ultimately turns to her last hope: Father Damien Karras a troubled priest who is struggling with his own faith. 	 ['Drama', 'Horror']
A Clockwork Orange 	 Demonic gang-leader Alex goes on the spree of rape mugging and murder with his pack of "droogs". But he's a boy who also likes Beethoven's Ninth and a bit of "the old in-out in-out". He later finds himself at the mercy of the state and its brainwashing experiment designed to take violence off the streets. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Drama']
A Dog's Purpose 	 A dog goes on quest to discover his purpose in life over the course of several lifetimes with multiple owners. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama', 'Family', 'Fantasy']
Limitless 	 A paranoia-fueled action thriller about an unsuccessful writer whose life is transformed by a top-secret "smart drug" that allows him to use 100% of his brain and become a perfect version of himself. His enhanced abilities soon attract shadowy forces that threaten his new life in this darkly comic and provocative film. 	 ['Thriller', 'Mystery', 'Science Fiction']
Moneyball 	 The story of Oakland Athletics general manager Billy Beane's successful attempt to put together a baseball team on a budget by employing computer-generated analysis to draft his players. 	 ['Drama']
The Descendants 	 With his wife Elizabeth on life support after a boating accident Hawaiian land baron Matt King takes his daughters on a trip from Oahu to Kauai to confront the young real estate broker who was having an affair with Elizabeth before her misfortune. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama']
A Vigilante 	 A vigilante helps victims escape their domestic abusers. 	 ['Thriller', 'Drama']
Joy 	 A story based on the life of a struggling Long Island single mom who became one of the country's most successful entrepreneurs. 	 ['Drama', 'Comedy']
The Recruit 	 A brilliant CIA trainee must prove his worth at the Farm the agency's secret training grounds where he learns to watch his back and trust no one. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller']
Shrek 2 	 Shrek Fiona and Donkey set off to Far Far Away to meet Fiona's mother and father. But not everyone is happy. Shrek and the King find it hard to get along and there's tension in the marriage. The fairy godmother discovers that Shrek has married Fiona instead of her Son Prince Charming and sets about destroying their marriage. 	 ['Adventure', 'Animation', 'Comedy', 'Family', 'Fantasy']
The Gods Must Be Crazy 	 Misery is brought to a small group of Sho in the Kalahari desert in the form of a cola bottle. In his quest to throw the evil object over the edge of the earth Xixo encounters Western "civilization a haphazard doctor and a tyranical despot.
keywords 	 ['Action', 'Comedy']
Sex Tape 	 When Jay and Annie first got together their romantic connection was intense – but ten years and two kids later the flame of their love needs a spark.  To kick things up a notch they decide – why not? – to make a video of themselves trying out every position in The Joy of Sex in one marathon three-hour session.  It seems like a great idea – until they discover that their most private video is no longer private.  With their reputations on the line they know they’re just one click away from being laid bare to the world... but as their race to reclaim their video leads to a night they'll never forget they'll find that their video will expose even more than they bargained for. 	 ['Comedy']
Tank Cleaner 	 A young orphan boy working as a tank cleaner is trapped in a water tank by someone. He struggles for his life for four days in this tank full of water. 	 ['Thriller', 'Drama']
Operation Red Sea 	 A squad of the Jiaolong Commando Unit - Sea Dragon a spec ops team of the Chinese Navy carries out a hostage rescue operation in the nation of Yewaire on the Arabian Peninsula and fiercely fights against local rebel groups and Zaka a terrorist organization. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'War', 'Drama']
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory 	 A young boy wins a tour through the most magnificent chocolate factory in the world led by the world's most unusual candy maker. 	 ['Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Family', 'Fantasy']
The Running Man 	 By 2017 the global economy has collapsed and American society has become a totalitarian police state censoring all cultural activity. The government pacifies the populace by broadcasting a number of game shows in which convicted criminals fight for their lives including the gladiator-style The Running Man hosted by the ruthless Damon Killian where “runners” attempt to evade “stalkers” and certain death for a chance to be pardoned and set free. 	 ['Action', 'Science Fiction', 'Thriller']
Breakthrough 	 When he was 14 Smith drowned in Lake St. Louis and was dead for nearly an hour. According to reports at the time CPR was performed 27 minutes to no avail. Then the youth's mother Joyce Smith entered the room praying loudly. Suddenly there was a pulse and Smith came around. 	 ['Drama']
Hercules 	 Fourteen hundred years ago a tormented soul walked the earth that was neither man nor god. Hercules was the powerful son of the god king Zeus for this he received nothing but suffering his entire life. After twelve arduous labors and the loss of his family this dark world-weary soul turned his back on the gods finding his only solace in bloody battle. Over the years he warmed to the company of six similar souls their only bond being their love of fighting and presence of death. These men and woman never question where they go to fight or why or whom just how much they will be paid. Now the King of Thrace has hired these mercenaries to train his men to become the greatest army of all time. It is time for this bunch of lost souls to finally have their eyes opened to how far they have fallen when they must train an army to become as ruthless and blood thirsty as their reputation has become. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure']
27 Dresses 	 Altruistic Jane finds herself facing her worst nightmare as her younger sister announces her engagement to the man Jane secretly adores. 	 ['Comedy', 'Romance']
Q Ball 	 Across the Bay from the NBA champion Golden State Warriors is another Warriors team one that plays only home games. Felony convictions derailed the lives of the San Quentin Prison squad some of them promising players. The rocky road to rehabilitation is the point of the game in this eye-opening inspirational documentary. Q Ball‘s focus is on determined men grappling indelibly with the gravity of their crimes and reaching for redemption. The film zeroes in on about-to-be-paroled star player Harry “ATL” Smith who has not surrendered his NBA dreams; Anthony “Ant” Ammons a lifer who has become a mentor to younger inmates; and head coach Rafael Cuevas a convicted murderer who understands his role in preparing his players for life on the outside. For all three men the team is not just a means of recreation but a form of family. 	 ['Comedy', 'Romance']
Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory 	 Eccentric candy man Willy Wonka prompts a worldwide frenzy when he announces that golden tickets hidden inside five of his delicious candy bars will admit their lucky holders into his top-secret confectionary. But does Wonka have an agenda hidden amid a world of Oompa Loompas and chocolate rivers? 	 ['Family', 'Fantasy', 'Comedy']
Rio 	 Captured by smugglers when he was just a hatchling a macaw named Blu never learned to fly and lives a happily domesticated life in Minnesota with his human friend Linda. Blu is thought to be the last of his kind but when word comes that Jewel a lone female lives in Rio de Janeiro Blu and Linda go to meet her. Animal smugglers kidnap Blu and Jewel but the pair soon escape and begin a perilous adventure back to freedom -- and Linda. 	 ['Animation', 'Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Family']
Survivor 	 A Foreign Service Officer in London tries to prevent a terrorist attack set to hit New York but is forced to go on the run when she is framed for crimes she did not commit. 	 ['Action', 'Crime', 'Thriller']
Sully 	 On 15 January 2009 the world witnessed the 'Miracle on the Hudson' when Captain 'Sully' Sullenberger glided his disabled plane onto the frigid waters of the Hudson River saving the lives of all 155 aboard. However even as Sully was being heralded by the public and the media for his unprecedented feat of aviation skill an investigation was unfolding that threatened to destroy his reputation and career. 	 ['Drama', 'History']
Eyes Wide Shut 	 After Dr. Bill Hartford's wife Alice admits to having sexual fantasies about a man she met Bill becomes obsessed with having a sexual encounter. He discovers an underground sexual group and attends one of their meetings -- and quickly discovers that he is in over his head. 	 ['Mystery', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
Kong: Skull Island 	 Explore the mysterious and dangerous home of the king of the apes as a team of explorers ventures deep inside the treacherous primordial island. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy']
Instant Family 	 When Pete and Ellie decide to start a family they stumble into the world of foster care adoption. They hope to take in one small child but when they meet three siblings including a rebellious 15 year old girl they find themselves speeding from zero to three kids overnight. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama']
The Empire Strikes Back 	 The epic saga continues as Luke Skywalker in hopes of defeating the evil Galactic Empire learns the ways of the Jedi from aging master Yoda. But Darth Vader is more determined than ever to capture Luke. Meanwhile rebel leader Princess Leia cocky Han Solo Chewbacca and droids C-3PO and R2-D2 are thrown into various stages of capture betrayal and despair. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Science Fiction']
Chronicle 	 Three high school students make an incredible discovery leading to their developing uncanny powers beyond their understanding. As they learn to control their abilities and use them to their advantage their lives start to spin out of control and their darker sides begin to take over. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
Halloween H20: 20 Years Later 	 Two decades after surviving a massacre on October 31 1978 former baby sitter Laurie Strode finds herself hunted by persistent knife-wielder Michael Myers. Laurie now lives in Northern California under an assumed name where she works as the headmistress of a private school. But it's not far enough to escape Myers who soon discovers her whereabouts. As Halloween descends upon Laurie's peaceful community a feeling of dread weighs upon her -- with good reason. 	 ['Horror', 'Thriller']
The Hateful Eight 	 Bounty hunters seek shelter from a raging blizzard and get caught up in a plot of betrayal and deception. 	 ['Crime', 'Drama', 'Mystery', 'Western']
Kronk's New Groove 	 Kronk now chef and Head Delivery Boy of Mudka's Meat Hut is fretting over the upcoming visit of his father. Kronk's father always disapproved of young Kronk's culinary interests and wished that Kronk instead would settle down with a wife and a large house on a hill. 	 ['Animation', 'Comedy', 'Family']
The Angry Birds Movie 	 An island populated entirely by happy flightless birds or almost entirely. In this paradise Red a bird with a temper problem speedy Chuck and the volatile Bomb have always been outsiders. But when the island is visited by mysterious green piggies it’s up to these unlikely outcasts to figure out what the pigs are up to. 	 ['Animation', 'Adventure', 'Comedy']
Dredd 	 In the future America is a dystopian wasteland. The latest scourge is Ma-Ma a prostitute-turned-drug pusher with a dangerous new drug and aims to take over the city. The only possibility of stopping her is an elite group of urban police called Judges who combine the duties of judge jury and executioner to deliver a brutal brand of swift justice. But even the top-ranking Judge Dredd discovers that taking down Ma-Ma isn’t as easy as it seems in this explosive adaptation of the hugely popular comic series. 	 ['Action', 'Science Fiction']
Destroyer 	 Erin Bell is an LAPD detective who as a young cop was placed undercover with a gang in the California desert with tragic results. When the leader of that gang re-emerges many years later she must work her way back through the remaining members and into her own history with them to finally reckon with the demons that destroyed her past. 	 ['Thriller', 'Crime', 'Drama', 'Action']
No Country for Old Men 	 Llewelyn Moss stumbles upon dead bodies $2 million and a hoard of heroin in a Texas desert but methodical killer Anton Chigurh comes looking for it with local sheriff Ed Tom Bell hot on his trail. The roles of prey and predator blur as the violent pursuit of money and justice collide. 	 ['Crime', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
Mirage 	 New York City. David Stillwell struggles to recover his memory before the people who are trying to kill him succeed. Who is he who are they and why is he surrounded by murder? 	 ['Mystery', 'Thriller']
RoboCop 	 In a violent near-apocalyptic Detroit evil corporation Omni Consumer Products wins a contract from the city government to privatize the police force. To test their crime-eradicating cyborgs the company leads street cop Alex Murphy into an armed confrontation with crime lord Boddicker so they can use his body to support their untested RoboCop prototype. But when RoboCop learns of the company's nefarious plans he turns on his masters. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Science Fiction']
Captain Phillips 	 The true story of Captain Richard Phillips and the 2009 hijacking by Somali pirates of the US-flagged MV Maersk Alabama the first American cargo ship to be hijacked in two hundred years. 	 ['Action', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
mother! 	 A couple's relationship is tested when uninvited guests arrive at their home disrupting their tranquil existence. 	 ['Drama', 'Horror', 'Mystery']
The Emperor's New Groove 	 Kuzco is a self-centered emperor who summons Pacha from a village and to tell him that his home will be destroyed to make room for Kuzco's new summer home. Kuzco's advisor Yzma tries to poison Kuzco and accidentally turns him into a llama who accidentally ends up in Pacha's village. Pacha offers to help Kuzco if he doesn't destroy his house and so they form an unlikely partnership. 	 ['Adventure', 'Animation', 'Comedy', 'Family', 'Fantasy']
The Bank Job 	 Terry is a small-time car dealer trying to leave his shady past behind and start a family. Martine is a beautiful model from Terry's old neighbourhood who knows that Terry is no angel. When Martine proposes a foolproof plan to rob a bank Terry recognises the danger but realises this may be the opportunity of a lifetime. As the resourceful band of thieves burrows its way into a safe-deposit vault at a Lloyds Bank they quickly realise that besides millions in riches the boxes also contain secrets that implicate everyone from London's most notorious underworld gangsters to powerful government figures and even the Royal Family. Although the heist makes headlines throughout Britain for several days a government gag order eventually brings all reporting of the case to an immediate halt. 	 ['Thriller', 'Crime', 'Drama']
Isn't It Romantic 	 For a long time Natalie an Australian architect living in New York City had always believed that what she had seen in rom-coms is all fantasy. But after thwarting a mugger at a subway station only to be knocked out while fleeing Natalie wakes up and discovers that her life has suddenly become her worst nightmare—a romantic comedy—and she is the leading lady. 	 ['Comedy', 'Fantasy', 'Romance']
The Hunchback of Notre Dame 	 When Quasimodo defies the evil Frollo and ventures out to the Festival of Fools the cruel crowd jeers him. Rescued by fellow outcast the gypsy Esmeralda Quasi soon finds himself battling to save the people and the city he loves. 	 ['Drama', 'Animation', 'Family']
Some Like It Hot 	 Two musicians witness a mob hit and struggle to find a way out of the city before they are found by the gangsters. Their only opportunity is to join an all-girl band as they leave on a tour. To make their getaway they must first disguise themselves as women then keep their identities secret and deal with the problems this brings - such as an attractive bandmate and a very determined suitor. 	 ['Comedy', 'Romance']
A Conspiracy of Faith 	 An old note is found in a bottle in Jutland which has travelled across the ocean for a long time. The note is hard to decipher but when the Danish investigators from Section Q receive it the odd personalities within the section find a new angle on it and try to unveil yet another old and diabolic case even though the lead is cold. 	 ['Crime', 'Drama', 'Mystery', 'Thriller']
Spotlight 	 In 2001 editor Marty Baron of The Boston Globe assigns a team of journalists to investigate allegations against John Geoghan an unfrocked priest accused of molesting more than 80 boys. Led by editor Walter "Robby" Robinson reporters Michael Rezendes Matt Carroll and Sacha Pfeiffer interview victims and try to unseal sensitive documents. The reporters make it their mission to provide proof of a cover-up of sexual abuse within the Roman Catholic Church. 	 ['Drama', 'Thriller', 'History']
Amélie 	 At a tiny Parisian café the adorable yet painfully shy Amélie (Audrey Tautou) accidentally discovers a gift for helping others. Soon Amelie is spending her days as a matchmaker guardian angel and all-around do-gooder. But when she bumps into a handsome stranger will she find the courage to become the star of her very own love story? 	 ['Comedy', 'Romance']
Blade 	 When Blade's mother was bitten by a vampire during pregnancy she did not know that she gave her son a special gift while dying—all the good vampire attributes in combination with the best human skills. Blade and his mentor battle an evil vampire rebel who plans to take over the outdated vampire council capture Blade and resurrect a voracious blood god. 	 ['Horror', 'Action']
The Girl in the Spider's Web 	 In Stockholm Sweden hacker Lisbeth Salander is hired by Frans Balder a computer engineer to retrieve a program that he believes it is too dangerous to exist. 	 ['Thriller']
Ip Man 4 	 Ip Man 4 is an upcoming Hong Kong biographical martial arts film directed by Wilson Yip and produced by Raymond Wong. It is the fourth in the Ip Man film series based on the life of the Wing Chun grandmaster of the same name and features Donnie Yen reprising the role. The film began production in April 2018 and ended in July the same year. 	 ['Action', 'Drama', 'History']
Blitz 	 A tough renegade cop with a gay sidekick is dispatched to take down a serial killer who has been targeting police officers. 	 ['Crime', 'Action', 'Thriller']
Aliens vs Predator: Requiem 	 The iconic creatures from two of the scariest film franchises in movie history wage their most brutal battle ever—in our own backyard. The small town of Gunnison Colorado becomes a war zone between two of the deadliest extra-terrestrial life forms—the Alien and the Predator. When a Predator scout ship crash-lands in the hills outside the town Alien Facehuggers and a hybrid Alien/Predator are released and begin to terrorize the town. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Action', 'Science Fiction', 'Thriller', 'Horror']
Ville Neuve 	 Determined to stop drinking Joseph moves into a friend's house and convinces his ex-wife Emma to join him. In the troubled times of Quebec independence referendum this is the account of their stormy reunion. 	 ['Animation', 'Drama']
The Disaster Artist 	 An aspiring actor in Hollywood meets an enigmatic stranger by the name of Tommy Wiseau the meeting leads the actor down a path nobody could have predicted; creating the worst movie ever made. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama']
Nocturnal Animals 	 Susan Morrow receives a book manuscript from her ex-husband – a man she left 20 years earlier – asking for her opinion of his writing. As she reads she is drawn into the fictional life of Tony Hastings a mathematics professor whose family vacation turns violent. 	 ['Drama', 'Thriller']
Mowgli: Legend of the Jungle 	 A human child raised by wolves must face off against a menacing tiger named Shere Khan as well as his own origins. 	 ['Adventure', 'Drama']
Marainthirunthu Paarkum Marmam Enna 	 A daring young man joins a gang that is behind chain-snatching crimes in the city. What's his game plan? 	 ['Family', 'Crime', 'Romance']
The Beach Bum 	 An irreverent comedy about the misadventures of Moondog a rebellious stoner and lovable rogue who lives large. 	 ['Comedy']
Ilsa: She Wolf of the SS 	 Ilsa is a warden at a Nazi death camp that conducts experiments on prisoners. Ilsa's goal is to prove that woman can withstand more pain and suffering than men and should be allowed to fight on the front lines 	 ['Thriller', 'Horror', 'War']
The Name of the Rose 	 14th-century Franciscan monk William of Baskerville and his young novice arrive at a conference to find that several monks have been murdered under mysterious circumstances. To solve the crimes William must rise up against the Church's authority and fight the shadowy conspiracy of monastery monks using only his intelligence – which is considerable. 	 ['Drama', 'Thriller', 'Mystery']
The Master 	 Freddie a volatile heavy-drinking veteran who suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder finds some semblance of a family when he stumbles onto the ship of Lancaster Dodd the charismatic leader of a new "religion" he forms after World War II. 	 ['Drama']
Death Race 	 Terminal Island New York: 2020. Overcrowding in the US penal system has reached a breaking point. Prisons have been turned over to a monolithic Weyland Corporation which sees jails full of thugs as an opportunity for televised sport. Adrenalized inmates a global audience hungry for violence and a spectacular enclosed arena come together to form the 'Death Race' the biggest most brutal event. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Science Fiction']
Ocean's Eight 	 Debbie Ocean a criminal mastermind gathers a crew of female thieves to pull off the heist of the century at New York's annual Met Gala. 	 ['Crime', 'Comedy', 'Action', 'Thriller']
Hellboy II: The Golden Army 	 In this continuation to the adventure of the demon superhero an evil elf breaks an ancient pact between humans and creatures as he declares war against humanity. He is on a mission to release The Golden Army a deadly group of fighting machines that can destroy the human race. As Hell on Earth is ready to erupt Hellboy and his crew set out to defeat the evil prince. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Science Fiction']
Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2 	 After the disastrous food storm in the first film Flint and his friends are forced to leave the town. Flint accepts the invitation from his idol Chester V to join The Live Corp Company which has been tasked to clean the island and where the best inventors in the world create technologies for the betterment of mankind. When Flint discovers that his machine still operates and now creates mutant food beasts like living pickles hungry tacodiles shrimpanzees and apple pie-thons he and his friends must return to save the world. 	 ['Animation', 'Family', 'Comedy']
Set It Up 	 Two overworked and underpaid assistants come up with a plan to get their bosses off their backs by setting them up with each other. 	 ['Romance', 'Comedy']
Twelve Monkeys 	 In the year 2035 convict James Cole reluctantly volunteers to be sent back in time to discover the origin of a deadly virus that wiped out nearly all of the earth's population and forced the survivors into underground communities. But when Cole is mistakenly sent to 1990 instead of 1996 he's arrested and locked up in a mental hospital. There he meets psychiatrist Dr. Kathryn Railly and patient Jeffrey Goines the son of a famous virus expert who may hold the key to the mysterious rogue group the Army of the 12 Monkeys thought to be responsible for unleashing the killer disease. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Thriller', 'Mystery']
Central Intelligence 	 After he reunites with an old pal through Facebook a mild-mannered accountant is lured into the world of international espionage. 	 ['Action', 'Comedy', 'Mystery']
Step Up 2: The Streets 	 When rebellious street dancer Andie lands at the elite Maryland School of the Arts she finds herself fighting to fit in while also trying to hold onto her old life. When she joins forces with the schools hottest dancer Chase to form a crew of classmate outcasts to compete in Baltimore s underground dance battle The Streets. 	 ['Music', 'Drama', 'Romance']
Meet Joe Black 	 When the grim reaper comes to collect the soul of megamogul Bill Parrish he arrives with a proposition: Host him for a "vacation" among the living in trade for a few more days of existence. Parrish agrees and using the pseudonym Joe Black Death begins taking part in Parrish's daily agenda and falls in love with the man's daughter. Yet when Black's holiday is over so is Parrish's life. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Drama', 'Mystery']
The Karate Kid 	 Hassled by the school bullies Daniel LaRusso has his share of adolescent woes. Luckily his apartment building houses a resident martial arts master: Kesuke Miyagi who agrees to train Daniel ... and ends up teaching him much more than self-defense. Armed with newfound confidence skill and wisdom Daniel ultimately faces off against his tormentors in this hugely popular classic underdog tale. 	 ['Drama']
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales 	 Thrust into an all-new adventure a down-on-his-luck Capt. Jack Sparrow feels the winds of ill-fortune blowing even more strongly when deadly ghost sailors led by his old nemesis the evil Capt. Salazar escape from the Devil's Triangle. Jack's only hope of survival lies in seeking out the legendary Trident of Poseidon but to find it he must forge an uneasy alliance with a brilliant and beautiful astronomer and a headstrong young man in the British navy. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Fantasy', 'Comedy']
Hotel Transylvania 2 	 When the old-old-old-fashioned vampire Vlad arrives at the hotel for an impromptu family get-together Hotel Transylvania is in for a collision of supernatural old-school and modern day cool. 	 ['Animation', 'Comedy', 'Family', 'Fantasy']
Rio 2 	 It's a jungle out there for Blu Jewel and their three kids after they're hurtled from Rio de Janeiro to the wilds of the Amazon. As Blu tries to fit in he goes beak-to-beak with the vengeful Nigel and meets the most fearsome adversary of all: his father-in-law. 	 ['Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Family', 'Music', 'Animation']
Beowulf 	 6th-century Scandinavian warrior Beowulf embarks on a mission to slay the a man-like ogre Grendel. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Animation']
Tropic Thunder 	 Vietnam veteran 'Four Leaf' Tayback's memoir Tropic Thunder is being made into a film but Director Damien Cockburn can’t control the cast of prima donnas. Behind schedule and over budget Cockburn is ordered by a studio executive to get filming back on track or risk its cancellation. On Tayback's advice Cockburn drops the actors into the middle of the jungle to film the remaining scenes but unbeknownst to the actors and production the group have been dropped in the middle of the Golden Triangle the home of heroin-producing gangs. 	 ['Action', 'Comedy', 'Adventure', 'War']
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince 	 As Harry begins his sixth year at Hogwarts he discovers an old book marked as 'Property of the Half-Blood Prince' and begins to learn more about Lord Voldemort's dark past. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Family']
Rise of the Guardians 	 When an evil spirit known as Pitch lays down the gauntlet to take over the world the immortal Guardians must join forces for the first time to protect the hopes beliefs and imagination of children all over the world. 	 ['Animation', 'Family', 'Fantasy']
Saw VI 	 Special Agent Strahm is dead and Detective Hoffman has emerged as the unchallenged successor to Jigsaw's legacy. However when the FBI draws closer to Hoffman he is forced to set a game into motion and Jigsaw's grand scheme is finally understood. 	 ['Horror', 'Mystery']
The Devil Wears Prada 	 Andy moves to New York to work in the fashion industry. Her boss is extremely demanding cruel and won't let her succeed if she doesn't fit into the high class elegant look of their magazine. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama', 'Romance']
Project X 	 Three high school seniors throw a party to make a name for themselves. As the night progresses things spiral out of control as word of the party spreads. 	 ['Comedy', 'Crime']
A History of Violence 	 An average family is thrust into the spotlight after the father commits a seemingly self-defense murder at his diner. 	 ['Drama', 'Thriller', 'Crime']
The World Is Not Enough 	 Greed revenge world dominance and high-tech terrorism – it's all in a day's work for Bond who's on a mission to protect a beautiful oil heiress from a notorious terrorist. In a race against time that culminates in a dramatic submarine showdown Bond works to defuse the international power struggle that has the world's oil supply hanging in the balance. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Thriller']
Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves 	 When the dastardly Sheriff of Nottingham murders Robin's father the legendary archer vows vengeance. To accomplish his mission Robin joins forces with a band of exiled villagers (and comely Maid Marian) and together they battle to end the evil sheriff's reign of terror. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Drama', 'Romance']
The Expendables 2 	 Mr. Church reunites the Expendables for what should be an easy paycheck but when one of their men is murdered on the job their quest for revenge puts them deep in enemy territory and up against an unexpected threat. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Thriller']
Master Z: Ip Man Legacy 	 After being defeated by Ip Man Cheung Tin Chi is attempting to keep a low profile. While going about his business he gets into a fight with a foreigner by the name of Davidson who is a big boss behind the bar district. Tin Chi fights hard with Wing Chun and earns respect. 	 ['Action']
Ai Weiwei: Yours Truly 	 Ai Weiwei famous for his large-scale installation work and his dogged social justice advocacy created a career-defining work in 2015 with @Large mounted at Alcatraz the emblematic site associated with egregious incarceration conditions and radical Native American protest. At the core of @Large were portraits of prisoners of conscience coupled with the opportunity to write letters of solidarity to the imprisoned. In her impassioned and powerful film exhibition curator Cheryl Haines visits several current and former prisoners including American whistleblower Chelsea Manning and learns how these letters were vital to their survival.  “The misconception of totalitarianism is that freedom can be imprisoned. This is not the case. When you constrain freedom freedom will take flight and land on a windowsill.” 	 ['Action']
The Mechanic 	 Arthur Bishop is a 'mechanic' - an elite assassin with a strict code and unique talent for cleanly eliminating targets. It's a job that requires professional perfection and total detachment and Bishop is the best in the business. But when he is ordered to take out his mentor and close friend Harry Bishop is anything but detached. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Crime']
Batman & Robin 	 Along with crime-fighting partner Robin and new recruit Batgirl Batman battles the dual threat of frosty genius Mr. Freeze and homicidal horticulturalist Poison Ivy. Freeze plans to put Gotham City on ice while Ivy tries to drive a wedge between the dynamic duo. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Action', 'Fantasy', 'Comedy']
Mission: Impossible 	 When Ethan Hunt the leader of a crack espionage team whose perilous operation has gone awry with no explanation discovers that a mole has penetrated the CIA he's surprised to learn that he's the No. 1 suspect. To clear his name Hunt now must ferret out the real double agent and in the process even the score. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Thriller']
Teen Beach 2 	 Dive in and rock out with the hottest surf sequel under the sun! Now that summer's over and school has begun Brady (Ross Lynch) and Mack's (Maia Mitchell) relationship seems headed for a wipeout — until Lela Tanner and the "Wet Side Story" kids show up! Dazzled by the novelty and variety of the modern world Lela wants to stay but the real world and the "reel" world just don't mix. Can Mack and Brady find the magic to get the kids home and get their own romance back on track before it's too late? Packed with electrifying song &amp; dance numbers and hilarious fish-out-of-water wackiness "Teen Beach 2" is "wow-abunga" fun for everyone! 	 ['TV Movie', 'Family', 'Comedy', 'Music']
Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines 	 It's been 10 years since John Connor saved Earth from Judgment Day and he's now living under the radar steering clear of using anything Skynet can trace. That is until he encounters T-X a robotic assassin ordered to finish what T-1000 started. Good thing Connor's former nemesis the Terminator is back to aid the now-adult Connor … just like he promised. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Science Fiction']
The Spy Who Fell to Earth 	 The life and mysterious death of Ashraf Marwan an Egyptian billionaire and Israeli spy. 	 ['Documentary']
Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows 	 There is a new criminal mastermind at large (Professor Moriarty) and not only is he Holmes’ intellectual equal but his capacity for evil and lack of conscience may give him an advantage over the  detective. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Crime', 'Mystery']
Goosebumps 2: Haunted Halloween 	 There is a new criminal mastermind at large (Professor Moriarty) and not only is he Holmes’ intellectual equal but his capacity for evil and lack of conscience may give him an advantage over the  detective. 	 ['Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Fantasy', 'Family', 'Horror']
Hart Beat 	 Making music means everything for the shy Zoë. But since her father left she never played guitar again. When she is hit by the bus from Mik superstar Bieber size sparks fly allthough she is not a fan at first. Off course people around the two love birds dont exactly cooperate to make things work... 	 ['Family', 'Comedy', 'Drama']
Children of Men 	 In 2027 in a chaotic world in which humans can no longer procreate a former activist agrees to help transport a miraculously pregnant woman to a sanctuary at sea where her child's birth may help scientists save the future of humankind. 	 ['Drama', 'Action', 'Thriller', 'Science Fiction']
Legion 	 When God loses faith in humankind he sends his legion of angels to bring on the Apocalypse. Humanity's only hope for survival lies in a group of strangers trapped in an out-of-the-way desert diner with the Archangel Michael. 	 ['Horror']
Silent Hill: Revelation 3D 	 Heather Mason and her father have been on the run always one step ahead of dangerous forces that she doesn't fully understand Now on the eve of her 18th birthday plagued by horrific nightmares and the disappearance of her father Heather discovers she's not who she thinks she is. The revelation leads her deeper into a demonic world that threatens to trap her forever. 	 ['Thriller', 'Horror', 'Mystery']
Silent Hill: Revelation 3D 	 Heather Mason and her father have been on the run always one step ahead of dangerous forces that she doesn't fully understand Now on the eve of her 18th birthday plagued by horrific nightmares and the disappearance of her father Heather discovers she's not who she thinks she is. The revelation leads her deeper into a demonic world that threatens to trap her forever. 	 ['Thriller', 'Horror', 'Mystery']
The Dark Tower 	 The last Gunslinger Roland Deschain has been locked in an eternal battle with Walter O’Dim also known as the Man in Black determined to prevent him from toppling the Dark Tower which holds the universe together. With the fate of the worlds at stake good and evil will collide in the ultimate battle as only Roland can defend the Tower from the Man in Black. 	 ['Action', 'Fantasy', 'Science Fiction', 'Western', 'Horror']
Live and Let Die 	 James Bond must investigate a mysterious murder case of a British agent in New Orleans. Soon he finds himself up against a gangster boss named Mr. Big. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Thriller']
The Woman in Black 2: Angel of Death 	 40 years after the first haunting at Eel Marsh House a group of children evacuated from WWII London arrive awakening the house's darkest inhabitant. 	 ['Thriller', 'Horror', 'Drama']
What We Do in the Shadows 	 Vampire housemates try to cope with the complexities of modern life and show a newly turned hipster some of the perks of being undead. 	 ['Comedy', 'Horror']
Dagli occhi dell'amore 	  	 ['Comedy', 'Horror']
Trading Paint 	 A stock car racing legend is drawn back to the dirt track when his son an aspiring driver joins a rival racing team. 	 ['Action']
The Post 	 A cover-up that spanned four U.S. Presidents pushed the country's first female newspaper publisher and a hard-driving editor to join an unprecedented battle between journalist and government. Inspired by true events. 	 ['Drama', 'History']
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring 	 Young hobbit Frodo Baggins after inheriting a mysterious ring from his uncle Bilbo must leave his home in order to keep it from falling into the hands of its evil creator. Along the way a fellowship is formed to protect the ringbearer and make sure that the ring arrives at its final destination: Mt. Doom the only place where it can be destroyed. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Action']
The Prestige 	 A mysterious story of two magicians whose intense rivalry leads them on a life-long battle for supremacy -- full of obsession deceit and jealousy with dangerous and deadly consequences. 	 ['Drama', 'Mystery', 'Thriller']
IO 	 As a young scientist searches for a way to save a dying Earth she finds a connection with a man who's racing to catch the last shuttle off the planet. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Drama', 'Adventure', 'Romance']
Ben Is Back 	 19-year-old Ben Burns unexpectedly returns home to his family's suburban home on Christmas Eve morning. Ben's mother Holly is relieved and welcoming but wary of her son staying clean. Over a turbulent 24 hours new truths are revealed and a mother's undying love for her son is tested as she does everything in her power to keep him safe. 	 ['Drama']
Fifty Shades of Grey 	 When college senior Anastasia Steele steps in for her sick roommate to interview prominent businessman Christian Grey for their campus paper little does she realize the path her life will take. Christian as enigmatic as he is rich and powerful finds himself strangely drawn to Ana and she to him. Though sexually inexperienced Ana plunges headlong into an affair -- and learns that Christian's true sexual proclivities push the boundaries of pain and pleasure. 	 ['Drama', 'Romance', 'Thriller']
Bridget Jones's Diary 	 A chaotic Bridget Jones meets a snobbish lawyer and he soon enters her world of imperfections. 	 ['Comedy', 'Romance', 'Drama']
Family Guy Presents: Blue Harvest 	 With the Griffins stuck at home during a blackout Peter tells the story of “Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope.” 	 ['Animation', 'Comedy', 'Fantasy', 'Science Fiction']
Entourage 	 Movie star Vincent Chase together with his boys Eric Turtle and Johnny are back…and back in business with super agent-turned-studio head Ari Gold. Some of their ambitions have changed but the bond between them remains strong as they navigate the capricious and often cutthroat world of Hollywood. 	 ['Comedy']
Kill Bill: Vol. 1 	 An assassin is shot by her ruthless employer Bill and other members of their assassination circle – but she lives to plot her vengeance. 	 ['Action', 'Crime']
Alvin and the Chipmunks 	 A struggling songwriter named Dave Seville finds success when he comes across a trio of singing chipmunks: mischievous leader Alvin brainy Simon and chubby impressionable Theodore. 	 ['Comedy', 'Music', 'Family', 'Fantasy', 'Animation']
Forbidden Planet 	 A rescue team from earth lands their flying saucer-like spacecraft on an alien world to discover they are not only not welcomed by the lone survivor of a missing scientific expedition sent there two decades earlier but once they have determined to investigate the deaths of his colleagues and bring him back home by force along with his planet-born daughter find themselves subjected to assault by something invisible which seems intent on preventing them from leaving the planet ever. 	 ['Science Fiction']
Braveheart 	 Enraged at the slaughter of Murron his new bride and childhood love Scottish warrior William Wallace slays a platoon of the local English lord's soldiers. This leads the village to revolt and eventually the entire country to rise up against English rule. 	 ['Action', 'Drama', 'History', 'War']
Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates 	 Mike and Dave are young adventurous fun-loving brothers who tend to get out of control at family gatherings. When their sister Jeanie reveals her Hawaiian wedding plans the rest of the Stangles insist that the brothers bring respectable dates. After placing an ad on Craigslist the siblings decide to pick Tatiana and Alice two charming and seemingly normal women. Once they arrive on the island however Mike and Dave realize that their companions are ready to get wild and party. 	 ['Comedy']
Shutter Island 	 World War II soldier-turned-U.S. Marshal Teddy Daniels investigates the disappearance of a patient from a hospital for the criminally insane but his efforts are compromised by his troubling visions and also by a mysterious doctor. 	 ['Drama', 'Thriller', 'Mystery']
Border 	 It's 1971 and 2000 members of the Pakistani Army—armed with tanks—are at war with just 150 men in a battalion of Indian soldiers based in the Longewala region of Punjab. 	 ['Action', 'History']
Robin Hood 	 A war-hardened Crusader and his Moorish commander mount an audacious revolt against the corrupt English crown. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Thriller']
Fighting with My Family 	 Born into a tight-knit wrestling family Paige and her brother Zak are ecstatic when they get the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to try out for the WWE. But when only Paige earns a spot in the competitive training program she must leave her loved ones behind and face this new cutthroat world alone. Paige's journey pushes her to dig deep and ultimately prove to the world that what makes her different is the very thing that can make her a star. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama']
Maze Runner: The Death Cure 	 Thomas leads his group of escaped Gladers on their final and most dangerous mission yet. To save their friends they must break into the legendary Last City a WCKD-controlled labyrinth that may turn out to be the deadliest maze of all. Anyone who makes it out alive will get answers to the questions the Gladers have been asking since they first arrived in the maze. 	 ['Action', 'Science Fiction']
Police Academy: Mission to Moscow 	 The Russians need help in dealing with the Mafia and so they seek help with the veterans of the Police Academy. They head off to Moscow in order to find evidence against Konstantin Konali who marketed a computer game that everyone in the world is playing. 	 ['Comedy', 'Crime']
The Matrix Revolutions 	 The human city of Zion defends itself against the massive invasion of the machines as Neo fights to end the war at another front while also opposing the rogue Agent Smith. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Thriller', 'Science Fiction']
The Seer and the Unseen 	 THE SEER AND THE UNSEEN is a magically real fable about invisible elves financial collapse and the surprising power of belief told through the story of an Icelandic woman - a real life Lorax who speaks on behalf of nature under threat. Through her heroic story SEER explores the surprising power of belief the profound meaning of home; and the invisible forces - be they elves or the market - that shape our visible worlds and transform our natural landscapes. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Thriller', 'Science Fiction']
Dunkirk 	 The story of the miraculous evacuation of Allied soldiers from Belgium Britain Canada and France who were cut off and surrounded by the German army from the beaches and harbour of Dunkirk between May 26th and June 4th 1940 during World War II. 	 ['War', 'Action', 'Drama']
Dark Phoenix 	 The X-Men face their most formidable and powerful foe when one of their own Jean Grey starts to spiral out of control. During a rescue mission in outer space Jean is nearly killed when she's hit by a mysterious cosmic force. Once she returns home this force not only makes her infinitely more powerful but far more unstable. The X-Men must now band together to save her soul and battle aliens that want to use Grey's new abilities to rule the galaxy. 	 ['Action', 'Science Fiction']
Darkest Hour 	 A thrilling and inspiring true story begins on the eve of World War II as within days of becoming Prime Minister of Great Britain Winston Churchill must face one of his most turbulent and defining trials: exploring a negotiated peace treaty with Nazi Germany or standing firm to fight for the ideals liberty and freedom of a nation. As the unstoppable Nazi forces roll across Western Europe and the threat of invasion is imminent and with an unprepared public a skeptical King and his own party plotting against him Churchill must withstand his darkest hour rally a nation and attempt to change the course of world history. 	 ['Drama', 'History']
Alien 	 During its return to the earth commercial spaceship Nostromo intercepts a distress signal from a distant planet. When a three-member team of the crew discovers a chamber containing thousands of eggs on the planet a creature inside one of the eggs attacks an explorer. The entire crew is unaware of the impending nightmare set to descend upon them when the alien parasite planted inside its unfortunate host is birthed. 	 ['Horror', 'Science Fiction']
The Great Gatsby 	 An adaptation of F. Scott Fitzgerald's Long Island-set novel where Midwesterner Nick Carraway is lured into the lavish world of his neighbor Jay Gatsby. Soon enough however Carraway will see through the cracks of Gatsby's nouveau riche existence where obsession madness and tragedy await. 	 ['Drama', 'Romance']
The Cabin in the Woods 	 Five college friends spend the weekend at a remote cabin in the woods where they get more than they bargained for. Together they must discover the truth behind the cabin in the woods. 	 ['Horror', 'Comedy', 'Thriller']
xXx 	 Xander Cage is your standard adrenaline junkie with no fear and a lousy attitude. When the US Government "recruits" him to go on a mission he's not exactly thrilled. His mission: to gather information on an organization that may just be planning the destruction of the world led by the nihilistic Yorgi. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Thriller', 'Mystery']
Hulk 	 Bruce Banner a genetics researcher with a tragic past suffers massive radiation exposure in his laboratory that causes him to transform into a raging green monster when he gets angry. 	 ['Drama', 'Action', 'Science Fiction']
Con Air 	 When the government puts all its rotten criminal eggs in one airborne basket it's asking for trouble. Before you can say "Pass the barf bag the crooks control the plane, led by creepy Cyrus The Virus" Grissom. Watching his every move is the just-released Cameron Poe who'd rather reunite with his family. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Crime']
Pay It Forward 	 Like some other kids 12-year-old Trevor McKinney believed in the goodness of human nature. Like many other kids he was determined to change the world for the better. Unlike most other kids he succeeded. 	 ['Drama', 'Romance', 'Comedy']
The House with a Clock in Its Walls 	 When ten-year-old Lewis is suddenly orphaned he is sent to live with his Uncle Jonathan in a creaky (and creepy) old mansion with a mysterious ticking noise that emanates from the walls. Upon discovering that his uncle is a warlock Lewis begins learning magic but when he rebelliously resurrects an evil warlock he must find the secret of the house and save the world from destruction. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Family']
The Last Witch Hunter 	 The modern world holds many secrets but by far the most astounding is that witches still live among us; vicious supernatural creatures intent on unleashing the Black Death upon the world and putting an end to the human race once and for all. Armies of witch hunters have battled this unnatural enemy for centuries including Kaulder a valiant warrior who many years ago slayed the all-powerful Witch Queen decimating her followers in the process. In the moments right before her death the Queen cursed Kaulder with immortality forever separating him from his beloved wife and daughter. Today Kaulder is the last living hunter who has spent his immortal life tracking down rogue witches all the while yearning for his long-lost family. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Action', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction']
Toy Story 2 	 Andy heads off to Cowboy Camp leaving his toys to their own devices. Things shift into high gear when an obsessive toy collector named Al McWhiggen owner of Al's Toy Barn kidnaps Woody. Andy's toys mount a daring rescue mission Buzz Lightyear meets his match and Woody has to decide where he and his heart truly belong. 	 ['Animation', 'Comedy', 'Family']
The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen 	 To prevent a world war from breaking out famous characters from Victorian literature band together to do battle against a cunning villain. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Action', 'Thriller', 'Science Fiction']
Sin City 	 Welcome to Sin City. This town beckons to the tough the corrupt the brokenhearted. Some call it dark… Hard-boiled. Then there are those who call it home — Crooked cops sexy dames desperate vigilantes. Some are seeking revenge others lust after redemption and then there are those hoping for a little of both. A universe of unlikely and reluctant heroes still trying to do the right thing in a city that refuses to care. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Crime']
Jingle All the Way 	 Meet Howard Langston a salesman for a mattress company is constantly busy at his job and he also constantly disappoints his son after he misses his son's karate exposition his son tells Howard that he wants for Christmas is an action figure of his son's television hero he tries hard to to make it up to him. Unfortunately for Howard it is Christmas Eve and every store is sold out of Turbo Man now Howard must travel all over town and compete with everybody else to find a Turbo Man action figure. 	 ['Family', 'Comedy']
Lady Bird 	 A California high school student plans to escape from her family and small town by going to college in New York much to the disapproval of wildly loving deeply opinionated and strong-willed mother. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama']
The Perfect Date 	 No beau? No problem! To earn money for college a high schooler creates a dating app that lets him act as a stand-in boyfriend. 	 ['Romance']
V for Vendetta 	 In a world in which Great Britain has become a fascist state a masked vigilante known only as “V” conducts guerrilla warfare against the oppressive British government. When V rescues a young woman from the secret police he finds in her an ally with whom he can continue his fight to free the people of Britain. 	 ['Action', 'Thriller', 'Fantasy']
Captain America: Civil War 	 Following the events of Age of Ultron the collective governments of the world pass an act designed to regulate all superhuman activity. This polarizes opinion amongst the Avengers causing two factions to side with Iron Man or Captain America which causes an epic battle between former allies. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Science Fiction']
Diamonds Are Forever 	 Diamonds are stolen only to be sold again in the international market. James Bond infiltrates a smuggling mission to find out who’s guilty. The mission takes him to Las Vegas where Bond meets his archenemy Blofeld. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Thriller']
Cold Pursuit 	 Nels Coxman's quiet life comes crashing down when his beloved son dies under mysterious circumstances. His search for the truth soon becomes a quest for revenge as he seeks coldblooded justice against a drug lord and his inner circle. 	 ['Thriller', 'Action', 'Drama']
Alita: Battle Angel 	 When Alita awakens with no memory of who she is in a future world she does not recognize she is taken in by Ido a compassionate doctor who realizes that somewhere in this abandoned cyborg shell is the heart and soul of a young woman with an extraordinary past. 	 ['Action', 'Science Fiction', 'Thriller', 'Adventure']
Squat32 	 Squat32 is a modern Peter Pan story of searching one`s way to adulthood and finding own style and talents. Lisa works as a photographer in the Passport Center. One day she comes across a commune of free and talented dreamers’ artists dancers musicians who are squatting in half-ruined desolate house. An eighty-year-old Faina is the only legal resident of the house and the sole obstacle for the developer who plans demolish the whole block including the SquatHouse. Lisa is mesmerized by the energy freedom and creativity of the commune. They fight for their way of living create and change the world around them. Lisa herself changes she begins to search for her place in the world develops her vision and style. Thanks to Squat32 Lisa’s work as a photographer is noticed and her world and possibilities widen. 	 ['Drama']
For Your Eyes Only 	 A British spy ship has sunk and on board was a hi-tech encryption device. James Bond is sent to find the device that holds British launching instructions before the enemy Soviets get to it first. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Thriller']
Hacksaw Ridge 	 WWII American Army Medic Desmond T. Doss who served during the Battle of Okinawa refuses to kill people and becomes the first Conscientious Objector in American history to receive the Congressional Medal of Honor. 	 ['Drama', 'History', 'War']
The Whole Nine Yards 	 After a mobster agrees to cooperate with an FBI investigation in order to stay out of prison he's relocated by the authorities to a life of suburban anonymity as part of a witness protection program. It's not long before a couple of his new neighbours figure out his true identity and come knocking to see if he'd be up for one more hit—suburban style. 	 ['Comedy', 'Crime']
The Highwaymen 	 In 1934 Frank Hamer and Manny Gault two former Texas Rangers are commissioned to put an end to the wave of vicious crimes perpetrated by Bonnie Parker and Clyde Barrow a notorious duo of infamous robbers and cold-blooded killers who nevertheless are worshiped by the public. 	 ['Crime', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
Insidious: Chapter 2 	 The haunted Lambert family seeks to uncover the mysterious childhood secret that has left them dangerously connected to the spirit world. 	 ['Horror', 'Thriller']
Pokémon: The Movie 2000 	 Ash Ketchum must put his skill to the test when he attempts to save the world from destruction. The Greedy Pokemon collector Lawrence III throws the universe into chaos after disrupting the balance of nature by capturing one of the Pokemon birds that rule the elements of fire lightning and ice. Will Ash have what it takes to save the world? 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Animation', 'Science Fiction', 'Family']
Shoplifters 	 After one of their shoplifting sessions Osamu and his son come across a little girl in the freezing cold. At first reluctant to shelter the girl Osamu’s wife agrees to take care of her after learning of the hardships she faces. Although the family is poor barely making enough money to survive through petty crime they seem to live happily together until an unforeseen incident reveals hidden secrets testing the bonds that unite them. 	 ['Drama', 'Crime', 'Family']
Speed 	 Los Angeles SWAT cop Jack Traven is up against bomb expert Howard Payne who's after major ransom money. First it's a rigged elevator in a very tall building. Then it's a rigged bus--if it slows it will blow bad enough any day but a nightmare in LA traffic. And that's still not the end. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Crime']
Coraline 	 When Coraline moves to an old house she feels bored and neglected by her parents. She finds a hidden door with a bricked up passage. During the night she crosses the passage and finds a parallel world where everybody has buttons instead of eyes with caring parents and all her dreams coming true. When the Other Mother invites Coraline to stay in her world forever the girl refuses and finds that the alternate reality where she is trapped is only a trick to lure her. 	 ['Animation', 'Family']
Braven 	 A logger defends his family from a group of dangerous drug runners. 	 ['Drama', 'Action']
The Departed 	 To take down South Boston's Irish Mafia the police send in one of their own to infiltrate the underworld not realizing the syndicate has done likewise. While an undercover cop curries favor with the mob kingpin a career criminal rises through the police ranks. But both sides soon discover there's a mole among them. 	 ['Drama', 'Thriller', 'Crime']
Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me 	 In the questionable town of Deer Meadow Washington FBI Agent Desmond inexplicably disappears while hunting for the man who murdered a teen girl. The killer is never apprehended and after experiencing dark visions and supernatural encounters Agent Dale Cooper chillingly predicts that the culprit will claim another life. Meanwhile in the more cozy town of Twin Peaks hedonistic beauty Laura Palmer hangs with lowlifes and seems destined for a grisly fate. 	 ['Drama', 'Mystery']
He's Just Not That Into You 	 Remember that really cute guy who said he'd call – and didn't? Maybe he lost your number. Maybe he's in the hospital. Maybe he's awed by your beauty brains or success. Or maybe... he's just not that into you. 	 ['Comedy', 'Romance', 'Drama']
The Illusionist 	 With his eye on a lovely aristocrat a gifted illusionist named Eisenheim uses his powers to win her away from her betrothed a crowned prince. But Eisenheim's scheme creates tumult within the monarchy and ignites the suspicion of a dogged inspector. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Drama', 'Thriller', 'Romance']
Despicable Me 3 	 Gru and his wife Lucy must stop former '80s child star Balthazar Bratt from achieving world domination. 	 ['Action', 'Animation', 'Comedy', 'Family', 'Adventure']
Mamma Mia! 	 An independent single mother who owns a small hotel on a Greek island is about to marry off the spirited young daughter she's raised alone. But the daughter has secretly invited three of her mother's ex-lovers in the hopes of finding her biological father. 	 ['Comedy', 'Romance']
Inherent Vice 	 In Los Angeles at the turn of the 1970s drug-fueled detective Larry "Doc" Sportello investigates the disappearance of an ex-girlfriend. 	 ['Comedy', 'Romance', 'Crime', 'Drama', 'Mystery']
Wild Rose 	 A young Scottish singer Rose-Lynn Harlan dreams of making it as a country artist in Nashville after being released from prison. 	 ['Music', 'Comedy', 'Drama']
Rise of the Planet of the Apes 	 Scientist Will Rodman is determined to find a cure for Alzheimer's the disease which has slowly consumed his father. Will feels certain he is close to a breakthrough and tests his latest serum on apes noticing dramatic increases in intelligence and brain activity in the primate subjects – especially Caesar his pet chimpanzee. 	 ['Thriller', 'Action', 'Drama', 'Science Fiction']
Gattaca 	 Science fiction drama about a future society in the era of indefinite eugenics where humans are set on a life course depending on their DNA. The young Vincent Freeman is born with a condition that would prevent him from space travel yet he is determined to infiltrate the GATTACA space program. 	 ['Thriller', 'Science Fiction', 'Mystery', 'Romance']
Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind 	 After a global war the seaside kingdom known as the Valley of the Wind remains one of the last strongholds on Earth untouched by a poisonous jungle and the powerful insects that guard it. Led by the courageous Princess Nausicaä the people of the Valley engage in an epic struggle to restore the bond between humanity and Earth. 	 ['Adventure', 'Animation', 'Fantasy']
The Mummy 	 Dashing legionnaire Rick O'Connell stumbles upon the hidden ruins of Hamunaptra while in the midst of a battle to claim the area in 1920s Egypt. It has been over three thousand years since former High Priest Imhotep suffered a fate worse than death as a punishment for a forbidden love—along with a curse that guarantees eternal doom upon the world if he is ever awoken. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Fantasy']
Escape Plan 2: Hades 	 Ray Breslin manages an elite team of security specialists trained in the art of breaking people out of the world's most impenetrable prisons. When his most trusted operative Shu Ren is kidnapped and disappears inside the most elaborate prison ever built Ray must track him down with the help of some of his former friends. 	 ['Crime', 'Action', 'Thriller']
Miss Congeniality 2: Armed and Fabulous 	 After her triumph at the Miss United States pageant FBI agent Gracie Hart becomes an overnight sensation -- and the new "face of the FBI." But it's time to spring into action again when the pageant's winner Cheryl and emcee Stan are abducted. 	 ['Action', 'Comedy', 'Romance', 'Mystery']
A.I. Artificial Intelligence 	 David a robotic boy—the first of his kind programmed to love—is adopted as a test case by a Cybertronics employee and his wife. Though he gradually becomes their child a series of unexpected circumstances make this life impossible for David. Without final acceptance by humans or machines David embarks on a journey to discover where he truly belongs uncovering a world in which the line between robot and machine is both vast and profoundly thin. 	 ['Drama', 'Science Fiction', 'Adventure']
Anon 	 Set in a near-future world where there is no privacy ignorance or anonymity our private memories are recorded and crime almost ceases to exist. In trying to solve a series of unsolved murders Sal Frieland stumbles onto a young woman who appears to have subverted the system and disappeared. She has no identity no history and no record. Sal realizes it may not be the end of crime but the beginning. Known only as 'The Girl' Sal must find her before he becomes the next victim. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Thriller']
A Million Ways to Die in the West 	 As a cowardly farmer begins to fall for the mysterious new woman in town he must put his new-found courage to the test when her husband a notorious gun-slinger announces his arrival. 	 ['Comedy', 'Western']
Jason Goes to Hell: The Final Friday 	 Jason Voorhees the living breathing essence of evil is back for one fierce final fling! Tracked down and blown to bits by a special FBI task force everyone now assumes that he's finally dead. But everybody assumes wrong. Jason has been reborn with the bone-chilling ability to assume the identity of anyone he touches. The terrifying truth is that he could be anywhere or anybody. In this shocking blood-soaked finale to Jason's carnage-ridden reign of terror the horrible secret of his unstoppable killing instinct is finally revealed. 	 ['Horror']
We're the Millers 	 A veteran pot dealer creates a fake family as part of his plan to move a huge shipment of weed into the U.S. from Mexico. 	 ['Comedy', 'Crime']
Elf 	 When young Buddy falls into Santa's gift sack on Christmas Eve he's transported back to the North Pole and raised as a toy-making elf by Santa's helpers. But as he grows into adulthood he can't shake the nagging feeling that he doesn't belong. Buddy vows to visit Manhattan and find his real dad a workaholic publisher. 	 ['Comedy', 'Family', 'Fantasy']
Lady and the Tramp II: Scamp's Adventure 	 Lady and Tramp's mischievous pup Scamp gets fed up with rules and restrictions imposed on him by life in a family and longs for a wild and free lifestyle. He runs away from home and into the streets where he joins a pack of stray dogs known as the "Junkyard Dogs." Buster the pack's leader takes an instant disliking to the "house-dog" and considers him a rival. Angel a junkyard pup Scamp's age longs for the safety and comfort of life in a family and the two become instant companions. Will Scamp choose the wild and free life of a stray or the unconditional love of his family? 	 ['Romance', 'Animation', 'Family', 'Adventure']
The Jungle Book 	 A man-cub named Mowgli fostered by wolves. After a threat from the tiger Shere Khan Mowgli is forced to flee the jungle by which he embarks on a journey of self discovery with the help of the panther Bagheera and the free-spirited bear Baloo. 	 ['Adventure', 'Drama', 'Family', 'Fantasy']
A Christmas Carol 	 Miser Ebenezer Scrooge is awakened on Christmas Eve by spirits who reveal to him his own miserable existence what opportunities he wasted in his youth his current cruelties and the dire fate that awaits him if he does not change his ways. Scrooge is faced with his own story of growing bitterness and meanness and must decide what his own future will hold: death or redemption. 	 ['Animation', 'Drama', 'Family']
Troy 	 In year 1250 B.C. during the late Bronze age two emerging nations begin to clash. Paris the Trojan prince convinces Helen Queen of Sparta to leave her husband Menelaus and sail with him back to Troy. After Menelaus finds out that his wife was taken by the Trojans he asks his brother Agamemnom to help him get her back. Agamemnon sees this as an opportunity for power. So they set off with 1000 ships holding 50000 Greeks to Troy. With the help of Achilles the Greeks are able to fight the never before defeated Trojans. 	 ['Adventure', 'History']
Fifty Shades Darker 	 When a wounded Christian Grey tries to entice a cautious Ana Steele back into his life she demands a new arrangement before she will give him another chance. As the two begin to build trust and find stability shadowy figures from Christian’s past start to circle the couple determined to destroy their hopes for a future together. 	 ['Drama', 'Romance']
The Martian 	 During a manned mission to Mars Astronaut Mark Watney is presumed dead after a fierce storm and left behind by his crew. But Watney has survived and finds himself stranded and alone on the hostile planet. With only meager supplies he must draw upon his ingenuity wit and spirit to subsist and find a way to signal to Earth that he is alive. 	 ['Drama', 'Adventure', 'Science Fiction']
Constantine 	 John Constantine has literally been to Hell and back. When he teams up with a policewoman to solve the mysterious suicide of her twin sister their investigation takes them through the world of demons and angels that exists beneath the landscape of contemporary Los Angeles. 	 ['Drama', 'Fantasy', 'Horror']
The Purge 	 Given the country's overcrowded prisons the U.S. government begins to allow 12-hour periods of time in which all illegal activity is legal. During one of these free-for-alls a family must protect themselves from a home invasion. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Horror', 'Thriller']
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest 	 While serving time for insanity at a state mental hospital implacable rabble-rouser Randle Patrick McMurphy inspires his fellow patients to rebel against the authoritarian rule of head nurse Mildred Ratched. 	 ['Drama']
Your Name. 	 Elio Perlman is spending the summer with his family at their vacation home in Lombardy Italy. When his father hires a handsome doctoral student the curious 17-year-old finds himself developing a growing attraction to the young man. 	 ['Romance', 'Drama']
The Longest Yard 	 Pro quarter-back Paul Crewe and former college champion and coach Nate Scarboro are doing time in the same prison. Asked to put together a team of inmates to take on the guards Crewe enlists the help of Scarboro to coach the inmates to victory in a football game 'fixed' to turn out quite another way. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama']
South Park: Bigger 	 When the four boys see an R-rated movie featuring Canadians Terrance and Philip they are pronounced "corrupted" and their parents pressure the United States to wage war against Canada. 	 ['Animation', 'Comedy', 'Music']
Pan's Labyrinth 	 Living with her tyrannical stepfather in a new home with her pregnant mother 10-year-old Ofelia feels alone until she explores a decaying labyrinth guarded by a mysterious faun who claims to know her destiny. If she wishes to return to her real father Ofelia must complete three terrifying tasks. 	 ['Fantasy', 'Drama', 'War']
The Kissing Booth 	 When teenager Elle's first kiss leads to a forbidden romance with the hottest boy in high school she risks her relationship with her best friend. 	 ['Romance', 'Comedy']
Batman: The Dark Knight Returns 	 Batman has not been seen for ten years. A new breed of criminal ravages Gotham City forcing 55-year-old Bruce Wayne back into the cape and cowl. But does he still have what it takes to fight crime in a new era? 	 ['Action', 'Animation', 'Mystery']
What Men Want 	 Magically able to hear what men are thinking a sports agent uses her newfound ability to turn the tables on her overbearing male colleagues. 	 ['Comedy', 'Fantasy', 'Romance']
Black Mirror: Bandersnatch 	 In 1984 a young programmer begins to question reality as he adapts a dark fantasy novel into a video game. A mind-bending tale with multiple endings. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Mystery', 'Drama', 'Thriller', 'TV Movie']
Her Smell 	 A self-destructive punk rocker struggles with sobriety while trying to recapture the creative inspiration that led her band to success. 	 ['Drama', 'Music']
The Matrix Reloaded 	 Six months after the events depicted in The Matrix Neo has proved to be a good omen for the free humans as more and more humans are being freed from the matrix and brought to Zion the one and only stronghold of the Resistance.  Neo himself has discovered his superpowers including super speed ability to see the codes of the things inside the matrix and a certain degree of pre-cognition. But a nasty piece of news hits the human resistance: 250000 machine sentinels are digging to Zion and would reach them in 72 hours. As Zion prepares for the ultimate war Neo Morpheus and Trinity are advised by the Oracle to find the Keymaker who would help them reach the Source.  Meanwhile Neo's recurrent dreams depicting Trinity's death have got him worried and as if it was not enough Agent Smith has somehow escaped deletion has become more powerful than before and has fixed Neo as his next target. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Thriller', 'Science Fiction']
What to Expect When You're Expecting 	 Challenges of impending parenthood turn the lives of five couples upside down. Two celebrities are unprepared for the surprise demands of pregnancy; hormones wreak havoc on a baby-crazy author while her husband tries not to be outdone by his father who's expecting twins with his young trophy wife; a photographer's husband isn't sure about his wife's adoption plans; a one-time hook-up results in a surprise pregnancy for rival food-truck owners. 	 ['Romance', 'Comedy', 'Drama']
The Founder 	 The true story of how Ray Kroc a salesman from Illinois met Mac and Dick McDonald who were running a burger operation in 1950s Southern California. Kroc was impressed by the brothers’ speedy system of making the food and saw franchise potential. He maneuvered himself into a position to be able to pull the company from the brothers and create a billion-dollar empire. 	 ['Drama', 'History']
The Lone Ranger 	 The Texas Rangers chase down a gang of outlaws led by Butch Cavendish but the gang ambushes the Rangers seemingly killing them all. One survivor is found however by an American Indian named Tonto who nurses him back to health. The Ranger donning a mask and riding a white stallion named Silver teams up with Tonto to bring the unscrupulous gang and others of that ilk to justice. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Western']
The Notebook 	 An epic love story centered around an older man who reads aloud to a woman with Alzheimer's. From a faded notebook the old man's words bring to life the story about a couple who is separated by World War II and is then passionately reunited seven years later after they have taken different paths. 	 ['Romance', 'Drama']
Unplanned 	 As one of the youngest Planned Parenthood clinic directors in the nation Abby Johnson was involved in upwards of 22000 abortions and counseled countless women on their reproductive choices. Her passion surrounding a woman's right to choose led her to become a spokesperson for Planned Parenthood fighting to enact legislation for the cause she so deeply believed in. Until the day she saw something that changed everything. 	 ['Drama']
The Ages of Lulu 	 Fifteen-year-old Lulu has never known any affection from her family. But when she goes to a rock concert with Pablo a friend of the family he introduces Lulu to her first sexual experience. Years later Pablo and Lulu have married; Pablo has created a sheltered private world for Lulu into which nothing intrudes. However Lulu tires of her cloistered existence and begins hanging out in shady bars looking for vicarious thrills and danger. 	 ['Drama']
The November Man 	 An ex- CIA operative is brought back in on a very personal mission and finds himself pitted against his former pupil in a deadly game involving high level CIA officials and the Russian president-elect. 	 ['Crime', 'Action', 'Thriller']
Searching 	 After David Kim's 16-year-old daughter goes missing a local investigation is opened and a detective is assigned to the case. But 37 hours later and without a single lead David decides to search the one place no one has looked yet where all secrets are kept today: his daughter's laptop. 	 ['Thriller', 'Mystery', 'Drama']
Crocodile Dundee 	 When a New York reporter plucks crocodile hunter Dundee from the Australian Outback for a visit to the Big Apple it's a clash of cultures and a recipe for good-natured comedy as naïve Dundee negotiates the concrete jungle. Dundee proves that his instincts are quite useful in the city and adeptly handles everything from wily muggers to high-society snoots without breaking a sweat. 	 ['Adventure', 'Comedy']
Castle in the Sky 	 A young boy and a girl with a magic crystal must race against pirates and foreign agents in a search for a legendary floating castle. 	 ['Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Animation', 'Action', 'Family', 'Romance']
There Will Be Blood 	 Ruthless silver miner turned oil prospector Daniel Plainview moves to oil-rich California. Using his adopted son to project a trustworthy family-man image Plainview cons local landowners into selling him their valuable properties for a pittance. However local preacher Eli Sunday suspects Plainviews motives and intentions starting a slow-burning feud that threatens both their lives. 	 ['Drama']
Creed 	 The former World Heavyweight Champion Rocky Balboa serves as a trainer and mentor to Adonis Johnson the son of his late friend and former rival Apollo Creed. 	 ['Drama']
50 First Dates 	 Henry is a player skilled at seducing women. But when this veterinarian meets Lucy a girl with a quirky problem when it comes to total recall he realizes it's possible to fall in love all over again…and again and again. That's because the delightful Lucy has no short-term memory so Henry must woo her day after day until he finally sweeps her off her feet. 	 ['Comedy', 'Romance']
Argo 	 As the Iranian revolution reaches a boiling point a CIA 'exfiltration' specialist concocts a risky plan to free six Americans who have found shelter at the home of the Canadian ambassador. 	 ['Drama', 'Thriller']
Insidious 	 A family discovers that dark spirits have invaded their home after their son inexplicably falls into an endless sleep. When they reach out to a professional for help they learn things are a lot more personal than they thought. 	 ['Horror', 'Thriller']
Sixteen Candles 	 A teenage girls deals with her parents forgetting her birthday and a crush on her high school's heartthrob. 	 ['Comedy', 'Romance']
Back to the Future Part II 	 Marty and Doc are at it again in this wacky sequel to the 1985 blockbuster as the time-traveling duo head to 2015 to nip some McFly family woes in the bud. But things go awry thanks to bully Biff Tannen and a pesky sports almanac. In a last-ditch attempt to set things straight Marty finds himself bound for 1955 and face to face with his teenage parents -- again. 	 ['Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Family', 'Science Fiction']
Leave No Trace 	 A father and daughter live a perfect but mysterious existence in Forest Park a beautiful nature reserve near Portland Oregon rarely making contact with the world. But when a small mistake tips them off to authorities they are sent on an increasingly erratic journey in search of a place to call their own. 	 ['Drama']
How the Grinch Stole Christmas 	 Inside a snowflake exists the magical land of Whoville. In Whoville live the Whos an almost mutated sort of Munchkin-like people. All the Whos love Christmas yet just outside of their beloved Whoville lives the Grinch. The Grinch is a nasty creature that hates Christmas and plots to steal it away from the Whos whom he equally abhors. Yet a small child Cindy Lou Who decides to try befriending the Grinch. 	 ['Family', 'Comedy', 'Fantasy']
This World Won't Break 	 A broke-down middle aged Texas troubadour yearns to be remembered like the southern bluesmen before him but his failings and self-doubt forestall his musical dreams and blind him to the open road. 	 ['Drama', 'Music']
28 Weeks Later 	 In this chilling sequel to 28 Days Later the inhabitants of the British Isles appear to have lost their battle against the onslaught of disease as the deadly rage virus has killed every citizen there. Six months later a group of Americans dare to set foot on the isles convinced the danger has come and gone. But it soon becomes all too clear that the scourge continues to live waiting to pounce on its next victims. 	 ['Horror', 'Thriller', 'Science Fiction']
Balkan Line 	 1999 Serbia is bombed and Kosovo region is left for plunder by bandits under command of Albanian warlord Smuk. The removal of the human organs take place within the territories bandits have taken the robberies mass assassinations and genocide. Russian intelligence officer Bek Ethoev and former paratrooper turned mercenary Andrey Shatalov head a small detachment tasked with the dangerous mission to stop the terrorism recapture the airfield used by the bandits and rescue Shatalov's love interest Yasna who was captured to be harvested for organs like the rest of the Serbian prisoners. 	 ['Drama', 'Action']
Titanic 	 101-year-old Rose DeWitt Bukater tells the story of her life aboard the Titanic 84 years later. A young Rose boards the ship with her mother and fiancé. Meanwhile Jack Dawson and Fabrizio De Rossi win third-class tickets aboard the ship. Rose tells the whole story from Titanic's departure through to its death—on its first and last voyage—on April 15 1912. 	 ['Drama', 'Romance', 'Thriller']
U.S. Marshals 	 U.S. Marshal Sam Gerard is accompanying a plane load of convicts from Chicago to New York. The plane crashes spectacularly and Mark Sheridan escapes. But when Diplomatic Security Agent John Royce is assigned to help Gerard recapture Sheridan it becomes clear that Sheridan is more than just another murderer. 	 ['Thriller', 'Crime', 'Action']
Ponyo 	 The son of a sailor 5-year old Sosuke lives a quiet life on an oceanside cliff with his mother Lisa. One fateful day he finds a beautiful goldfish trapped in a bottle on the beach and upon rescuing her names her Ponyo. But she is no ordinary goldfish. The daughter of a masterful wizard and a sea goddess Ponyo uses her father's magic to transform herself into a young girl and quickly falls in love with Sosuke but the use of such powerful sorcery causes a dangerous imbalance in the world. As the moon steadily draws nearer to the earth and Ponyo's father sends the ocean's mighty waves to find his daughter the two children embark on an adventure of a lifetime to save the world and fulfill Ponyo's dreams of becoming human. 	 ['Animation', 'Family']
Riddick 	 Betrayed by his own kind and left for dead on a desolate planet Riddick fights for survival against alien predators and becomes more powerful and dangerous than ever before. Soon bounty hunters from throughout the galaxy descend on Riddick only to find themselves pawns in his greater scheme for revenge. With his enemies right where he wants them Riddick unleashes a vicious attack of vengeance before returning to his home planet of Furya to save it from destruction. 	 ['Science Fiction', 'Action', 'Thriller']
Forgetting Sarah Marshall 	 When Sarah Marshall dumps aspiring musician Peter Bretter for rock star Aldous Snow Peter's world comes crashing down. His best friend suggests that Peter should get away from everything and to fly off to Hawaii to escape all his problems. After arriving in Hawaii and meeting the beautiful Rachel Jansen Peter is shocked to see not only Aldous Snow in Hawaii but also Sarah Marshall. 	 ['Comedy', 'Romance', 'Drama']
The Prince & Me 	 A fairy tale love-story about pre-med student Paige who falls in love with a Danish Prince "Eddie" who refused to follow the traditions of his parents and has come to the US to quench his thirst for rebellion. Paige and Edward come from two different worlds but there is an undeniable attraction between them. 	 ['Comedy', 'Romance']
Men in Black 	 After a police chase with an otherworldly being a New York City cop is recruited as an agent in a top-secret organization established to monitor and police alien activity on Earth: the Men in Black. Agent Kay and new recruit Agent Jay find themselves in the middle of a deadly plot by an intergalactic terrorist who has arrived on Earth to assassinate two ambassadors from opposing galaxies. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Science Fiction']
The Thing 	 Scientists in the Antarctic are confronted by a shape-shifting alien that assumes the appearance of the people it kills. 	 ['Horror', 'Mystery', 'Science Fiction']
Trolls 	 Lovable and friendly the trolls love to play around. But one day a mysterious giant shows up to end the party. Poppy the optimistic leader of the Trolls and her polar opposite Branch must embark on an adventure that takes them far beyond the only world they’ve ever known. 	 ['Adventure', 'Family', 'Comedy', 'Fantasy', 'Music', 'Animation']
Ex Machina 	 Caleb a 26 year old coder at the world's largest internet company wins a competition to spend a week at a private mountain retreat belonging to Nathan the reclusive CEO of the company. But when Caleb arrives at the remote location he finds that he will have to participate in a strange and fascinating experiment in which he must interact with the world's first true artificial intelligence housed in the body of a beautiful robot girl. 	 ['Drama', 'Science Fiction']
The Lion King 2: Simba's Pride 	 The circle of life continues for Simba now fully grown and in his rightful place as the king of Pride Rock. Simba and Nala have given birth to a daughter Kiara who's as rebellious as her father was. But Kiara drives her parents to distraction when she catches the eye of Kovu the son of the evil lioness Zira. Will Kovu steal Kiara's heart? 	 ['Adventure', 'Animation', 'Family']
The Jewel of the Nile 	 Joan Wilder is thrust back into a world of murder chases foreign intrigue... and love. This time out she's duped by a duplicitous Arab dignitary who brings her to the Middle East ostensibly to write a book about his life. Of course he's up to no good and Joan is just another pawn in his wicked game. But Jack Colton and his sidekick Ralph show up to help our intrepid heroine save the day. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Romance']
The Man with the Golden Gun 	 A golden bullet has 007 engraved on it as it smashes into the secret service headquarters. The bullet came from the professional killer Scaramanga who has yet to miss a target and James Bond begins a mission to try and stop him. 	 ['Adventure', 'Action', 'Thriller']
Summer of 84 	 Summer is usually a time for fun and games but some teens get much more danger than they bargained for after beginning to suspect their neighbor is a serial murderer. 	 ['Thriller', 'Mystery', 'Drama', 'Horror']
The Conjuring 2 	 Lorraine and Ed Warren travel to north London to help a single mother raising four children alone in a house plagued by malicious spirits. 	 ['Horror', 'Mystery', 'Thriller']
The King's Speech 	 The King's Speech tells the story of the man who became King George VI the father of Queen Elizabeth II. After his brother abdicates George ('Bertie') reluctantly assumes the throne. Plagued by a dreaded stutter and considered unfit to be king Bertie engages the help of an unorthodox speech therapist named Lionel Logue. Through a set of unexpected techniques and as a result of an unlikely friendship Bertie is able to find his voice and boldly lead the country into war. 	 ['Drama', 'History']
Sleepers 	 Two gangsters seek revenge on the state jail worker who during their stay at a youth prison sexually abused them. A sensational court hearing takes place to charge him for the crimes. 	 ['Crime', 'Drama', 'Thriller']
Gringo 	 An American businessman with a stake in a pharmaceutical company that's about to go public finds his life is thrown into turmoil by an incident in Mexico. 	 ['Comedy', 'Action', 'Crime']
The Rock 	 FBI chemical warfare expert Stanley Goodspeed is sent on an urgent mission with a former British spy John Patrick Mason to stop Gen. Francis X. Hummel from launching chemical weapons on Alcatraz Island into San Francisco. Gen. Hummel demands $100 million in war reparations to be paid to the families of slain servicemen who died on covert operations. After their SEAL team is wiped out Stanley and John deal with the soldiers on their own. 	 ['Action', 'Adventure', 'Thriller']
The Pirates! In an Adventure with Scientists! 	 The luxuriantly bearded Pirate Captain is a boundlessly enthusiastic if somewhat less-than-successful terror of the High Seas. With a rag-tag crew at his side and seemingly blind to the impossible odds stacked against him the Captain has one dream: to beat his bitter rivals Black Bellamy and Cutlass Liz to the much coveted Pirate of the Year Award. It’s a quest that takes our heroes from the shores of exotic Blood Island to the foggy streets of Victorian London. Along the way they battle a diabolical queen and team up with a haplessly smitten young scientist but never lose sight of what a pirate loves best: adventure! 	 ['Animation', 'Adventure', 'Family', 'Comedy']
Life 	 The six-member crew of the International Space Station is tasked with studying a sample from Mars that may be the first proof of extra-terrestrial life which proves more intelligent than ever expected. 	 ['Horror', 'Science Fiction', 'Thriller']
A Walk Among the Tombstones 	 Private investigator Matthew Scudder is hired by a drug kingpin to find out who kidnapped and murdered his wife. 	 ['Crime', 'Drama', 'Mystery', 'Thriller']
Life of Crime 	 Two common criminals get more than they bargained for after kidnapping the wife of a corrupt real-estate developer who shows no interest in paying the $1 million dollar ransom for her safe return. 	 ['Comedy', 'Crime']
Monsters 	 James Sullivan and Mike Wazowski are monsters they earn their living scaring children and are the best in the business... even though they're more afraid of the children than they are of them. When a child accidentally enters their world James and Mike suddenly find that kids are not to be afraid of and they uncover a conspiracy that could threaten all children across the world. 	 ['Animation', 'Comedy', 'Family']
Psycho 	 When larcenous real estate clerk Marion Crane goes on the lam with a wad of cash and hopes of starting a new life she ends up at the notorious Bates Motel where manager Norman Bates cares for his housebound mother. The place seems quirky but fine… until Marion decides to take a shower. 	 ['Horror', 'Drama']
Detective Conan: The Fist of Blue Sapphire 	 23rd Detective Conan Movie. 	 ['Animation', 'Action', 'Drama', 'Mystery', 'Comedy']
Eighth Grade 	 Thirteen-year-old Kayla endures the tidal wave of contemporary suburban adolescence as she makes her way through the last week of middle school — the end of her thus far disastrous eighth grade year — before she begins high school. 	 ['Comedy', 'Drama']
Back to the Future 	 Eighties teenager Marty McFly is accidentally sent back in time to 1955 inadvertently disrupting his parents' first meeting and attracting his mother's romantic interest. Marty must repair the damage to history by rekindling his parents' romance and - with the help of his eccentric inventor friend Doc Brown - return to 1985. 	 ['Adventure', 'Comedy', 'Science Fiction', 'Family']
First Reformed 	 A pastor of a small church in upstate New York starts to spiral out of control after a soul-shaking encounter with an unstable environmental activist and his pregnant wife. 	 ['Drama']
